David A. Sumoski ( 49 ) , was named Executive Vice President of Engineered Bar Products in September 2014 .
The common geographic footprint of NATIONAL FUEL GAS CO s subsidiaries enables them to share management , labor , facilities and support services across various businesses and pursue coordinated projects designed to produce and transport natural gas from the Marcellus Shale to markets in Canada and the eastern United States .
The agreements were modified on May 1 , 2016 such that Mr. Davis , the President and Chief Operating Officer is paid $ 11,000 per month by Brown and Mr. Plumb , the Chief Financial Officer , is paid $ 4,500 per month by Brown .
MedoveX is the parent company of Debride Inc. ( Debride ) , which was incorporated under the laws of the State of Florida on October 1 , 2012 .
During 2015 , FelCor Lodging LP investing activities provided $ 116.6 million of cash compared to $ 67.5 million during 2014 .
Xcerra Corp believe , based on management estimates , that Xcerra Corp increased Xcerra Corp. addressable market to over $ 4 billion ( including the since divested Interface Board Business ) through the acquisition of Multitest and ECT businesses in 2013 and through strategic internal product development .
During September 2015 , ACTIVECARE , INC . entered into a one - year consulting agreement with Bluestone Advisors , LLC , an entity controlled by Mr. Jeffrey S. Peterson , who assumed a new role as Chief Financial Officer of the Company .
business operations , and the continuance of open trade with China , where the preponderance of MAD CATZ INTERACTIVE INC products are manufactured .
Fortive Corp effective tax rate for 2017 and 2016 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35 % due primarily to Fortive Corp earnings outside the United States that are indefinitely reinvested and taxed at rates lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate and the impact of credits and deductions provided by law .
For example , in January 2011 ENTEGRIS INC settled multiple patent litigations with Pall Corporation .
Upon the exercise of an option or options to lease , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . would pay the Crow Tribe an amount equal to $ 0.08 per ton to $ 0.15 per ton , depending on the lease area and coal deposit and subject to adjustment for inflation .
With respect to Messrs. Schwarzman , James , Tosi and Finley , amounts shown for 2015 also include the value of restricted shares of listed common stock of BXMT allocated to such named executive officers based on the closing price of BXMT s common stock on the date of the award as follows : $ 604,539 for Mr. Schwarzman , $ 198,443 for Mr. James , $ 60,320 for Mr. Tosi ( a portion of which was forfeited upon his resignation ) and $ 20,107 for Mr. Finley .
On August 10 , 2017 , ODYSSEY MARINE EXPLORATION INC entered into a $ 3.0 million Note Purchase Agreement with MINOSA , see NOTE H. On March 11 , 2015 , ODYSSEY MARINE EXPLORATION INC entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with MINOSA and Penelope , an affiliate of MINOSA , pursuant to which ( a ) MINOSA agreed to extend short - term , debt financing to Odyssey of up to $ 14.75 million , and ( b ) Penelope agreed to invest up to $ 101 million over three years in convertible preferred stock of Odyssey .
Mr. Perelman , through MacAndrews Forbes , beneficially owned approximately 78 % of Revlon , Inc. 's outstanding Class A Common Stock on December 31 , 2015 .
In connection with the Annual Report of The Blackstone Group L.P. ( the Partnership ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Stephen A. Schwarzman , Chief Executive Officer of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C , the general partner of the Partnership , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to my knowledge : .
As most of ChinaNet Online Holdings , Inc. s operations are conducted through its PRC subsidiary and VIEs , ChinaNet Online Holdings , Inc. s ability to pay dividends is primarily dependent on receiving distributions of funds from its PRC subsidiary and VIEs .
On January 25 , 2016 , AGENUS INC and Agenus Switzerland entered into a second license agreement with Ludwig , on substantially similar terms , to develop CTLA-4 and PD-1 antibodies .
Facility A was originally subject to margin criteria and borrowings bore interest at BMO s prime rate plus 0.50 % per annum on amounts borrowed in Canadian dollars , or its U.S. base rate plus 0.50 % per annum or LIBOR plus 2.00 % per annum on amounts borrowed in U.S. dollars .
PTSC is a corporation organized under Delaware law on March 24 , 1992 , and is the successor by merger to Patriot Financial Corporation , a Colorado corporation , incorporated on June 10 , 1987 .
Instead , Samir should talk with his manager about obtaining feedback internally within an authorized group setting .
As of December 31 , 2015 , Carlyle Group L.P.
Prior to that , Ram served as President at Junglee Corporation , a provider of database technology , which was acquired by Amazon.com in 1998 .
Under Section 7874 of the Code , if the former shareholders of BRCM hold 80 % or more of the vote or value of the ordinary shares of Broadcom , by reason of their former holding of BRCM common shares ( the percentage ( by vote and value ) of Broadcom Cayman L.P. ordinary shares considered to be held ( for purposes of Section 7874 of the Code ) by former BRCM shareholders immediately after the Broadcom Merger by reason of holding BRCM common shares is referred to in this disclosure as the Section 7874 Percentage ) , and Broadcom Cayman L.P. expanded affiliated group after the Broadcom Transaction does not have substantial business activities in Singapore relative to Broadcom Cayman L.P. worldwide business activities , Broadcom would be treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes .
In the event of redemption in full of the Series E Redeemable Preferred by LSB , LSB Funding will be entitled to designate only two directors so long as LSB Funding owns the Warrants or any shares of LSB INDUSTRIES INC common stock issuable thereunder .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Management s discussion and analysis of Intersect ENT , Inc. financial condition and results of operations is based on Intersect ENT , Inc. financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles .
The decreases are primarily related to a $ 0.5 million and $ 1.0 million decrease in Guidance Software , Inc. professional services revenue for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 , respectively , as compared to the same periods in 2016 , and a $ 0.2 million and $ 0.4 million decrease in training revenue for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 , respectively , compared to the same periods in 2016 .
In January 2015 , SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC acquired a 19.9 % interest in Aventura , Inc. for $ 6.0 million .
The registration process requires the submission of information to demonstrate the safety of chemicals as used and could result in significant costs or delay the manufacture or sale of BioAmber Inc. products in the European Union .
Compliance with the laws of numerous taxing jurisdictions where YuMe Inc conduct business , potential double taxation of YuMe Inc international earnings and potentially adverse tax consequences due to changes in applicable U.S. and foreign tax laws ; .
The following table provides a summary of the net cash provided by ( used in ) SKYWEST INC operating , investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31 , 201 5 and 201 4 , and SKYWEST INC total cash and marketable securities position as of December 31 , 201 5 and December 31 , 201 4 ( in thousands ) .
COSMOS HOLDINGS , INC . Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements September 30 , 2017 Konstantinos Vassilopoulos During the year ended December 31 , 2016 , Konstantinos Vassilopoulos , US Finance Manager , paid $ 10,179 of existing bills of the Company .
From July 2010 to January 2014 , Mr. Rottino also served as Senior Vice President of Finance , Business Development and Chief Accounting Officer of LINN Energy and from June 2008 to July 2010 , Mr. Rottino served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of LINN Energy .
Blaine and Diamond Bar were formed in 2015 .
In February 2017 , Sunoco Logistics formed Permian Express Partners LLC ( PEP ) , a strategic joint venture with ExxonMobil .
Although INFINERA Corp monitor INFINERA Corp use of open source software closely , the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts , and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on INFINERA Corp ability to commercialize INFINERA Corp products .
DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. 12 - month plan represents DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing on Form 10 - Q , and DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. actual future results may be materially different from what DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. set forth below .
In fiscal 2016 , TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC , through 21st Century Fox America , Inc. ( 21CFA ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary of TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC , and the National Geographic Society ( NGS ) , formed the entity that became National Geographic Partners , LLC ( National Geographic Partners ) , to which , in November 2015 , TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . contributed $ 625 million in cash and TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC .
REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP reimburses MacAndrews Forbes for the allocable costs of the services that MacAndrews Forbes purchases for or provides to REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP and for the reasonable out - of - pocket expenses that MacAndrews Forbes incurs in connection with the provision of such serv
This agreement provides that the shareholders of Tero , Alta Disposal and Mr. Hofmann , may by unanimous resolution advance to Tero , upon demand by Tero , such funds as may be determined specified by unanimous resolution , subject to the agreement .
I , Colin Marshall , the Chief Executive Officer of Cloud Peak Energy Inc. ( the Company ) , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , the undersigned , that : .
On May 10 , 2017 , Surna Inc. entered into a three - year consulting agreement with Mr. Keen , one of Surna Inc. principal shareholders and a former officer and director .
In January 2015 , CENTENE CORP sold a 25 % ownership interest in Celtic Insurance Company .
On November 4 , 2015 , Cytosorbents Corp entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement ( Sales Agreement ) with Cantor Fitzgerald and Co , as agent ( Cantor ) , pursuant to which Cytosorbents Corp may offer to sell , from time to time through Cantor , shares of Cytosorbents Corp common stock , having an aggregate offering price of up to $ 25,000,000 ( Shares ) .
At closing , Cosmos Holdings Inc. acquired 100 % of Decahedron s outstanding shares in exchange for 1,700,000 shares of Cosmos common stock valued at $ 1,479,000 ( the " Acquisition " ) .
Hendrik Jacobs Hendrik Jacobs President and Chief Executive Officer SunOpta Inc. /s/
and Challenge each lease their current executive offices from Great American Realty of Jefryn Blvd , LLC , an entity owned equally by Ira Levy , SURGE COMPONENTS INC Chief Executive Officer , and President and Steven Lubman , SURGE COMPONENTS INC Vice President , Secretary and Treasurer and one other individual who is not an executive officer or director of the Company .
ALAMO GROUP INC international operations may also be adversely affected by laws and policies of the United States and the other countries in which ALAMO GROUP INC operate affecting foreign trade , investment and taxation .
Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , ( the Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code ( 18 U.S.C. 1350 ) , Vlad Coric , M.D , President and Chief Executive Officer of Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Company Ltd. ( the Company ) , and Jim Engelhart , Chief Financial Officer of Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd , each hereby certifies that , to the best of his knowledge : .
On December 9 , 2008 , TransTech entered into a $ 1,000,000 secured credit facility with Capital Source to fund its operations .
Effective June 19 , 2017 , Viking Therapeutics , Inc. terminated the Purchase Agreement , resulting in a write off of the remaining capitalized deferred financing costs relating to the Purchase Agreement of $ 336,985 .
+ Executive Agreement between the Registrant and Raj Rajgopal , dated as of July 15 , 2009 ( previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant 's Current Report on Form 8 - K filed July 17 , 2009 and incorporated herein by reference ) .
At December 31 , 2015 , SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC believes the carrying value of SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC s ownership interests in and advances to partner companies is not impaired , although there can be no assurance that SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC s future results will confirm this assessment , that a significant write - down or write - off will not be required in the future or that a significant loss will not be recorded in the future upon the sale of a company .
On December 30 , 2015 , STRATA Skin Sciences , Inc. entered into a $ 12,000 credit facility pursuant to a Credit and Security Agreement ( the " Agreement " ) and related financing documents with MidCap Financial Trust ( " MidCap " ) and the lenders listed therein .
However , the board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Wells , Frier , Victor and Vondrasek is an independent director , as defined under the New York Stock Exchange rules .
Effective October 22 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into an amending agreement with International Compass .
Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of Prestige Brands Holdings , Inc. Board of Directors and will depend , among other factors , on Prestige Brands Holdings , Inc. results of operations , financial condition , capital requirements and contractual restrictions limiting Prestige Brands Holdings , Inc. ability to declare and pay cash dividends , including restrictions under Prestige Brands Holdings , Inc. 2012 Term Loan and the indentures governing Prestige Brands Holdings ,
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and include the accounts of GAHI and its wholly - owned and majority owned subsidiaries , GES , GAHI Acquisition Corp , GAIM , GACOM , and Lillybell and MGA through April 1 , 2015 , the date of sale .
Furthermore , upon certain terminations of SKYWEST INC code share agreements , Delta and United could require us to sell or assign to them facilities and assets , including maintenance facilities , SKYWEST INC use in connection with the code share services SKYWEST INC provide .
NWIN , LLC is located in Las Vegas , Nevada and serves as the Bank s investment subsidiary and parent of a real estate investment trust , NWIN Funding , Inc.
In connection with the Goodhew Purchase Agreement , Mr. Goodhew resigned from Biotech Products Services & Research , Inc. s board of directors .
With the exception of INTERGROUP CORP s President and CEO , John V. Winfield , all of InterGroup s Board of Directors consists of independent directors as independence is defined by the applicable rules of the SEC and NASDAQ .
ALLEGHENY TECHNOLOGIES INC expect ALLEGHENY TECHNOLOGIES INC cost structure to continue to improve throughout the year as a result of ALLEGHENY TECHNOLOGIES INC 2016 titanium operations restructuring actions , including achieving a better balance of titanium raw material cost inputs following the 2016 idling of ALLEGHENY TECHNOLOGIES INC Rowley , UT titanium sponge production facility .
On July 22 , 2015 , eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp s wholly owned subsidiary , eWellness Corporation , was merged into eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp and , therefore , no longer exists as a separate entity .
If OPGEN INC or OPGEN INC operations , are found to be in violation of any of these laws and regulations , OPGEN INC may be subject to penalties , including civil and criminal penalties , damages , fines , exclusion from participation in U.S. federal or state healthcare programs , such as Medicare and Medicaid , and the curtailment or restructuring of OPGEN INC operations .
Management s discussion and analysis of AXCELIS TECHNOLOGIES INC financial condition and results of operations included herein and in AXCELIS TECHNOLOGIES INC Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 are based upon Axcelis consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
Mr. Turock was appointed by the Board as a Class III director on January 16 , 2008 to fill a Board vacancy .
Ms. Propes joined TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC board in 2007 .
On May 26 , 2015 , China Soar Information Technology , Inc. former director , Thomas DeNunzio resigned and Mu Chun Lin was appointed as China Soar Information Technology , Inc. sole President , CEO , CFO and Director .
As of January 28 , 2017 Destination Maternity Corp operate 1,220 retail locations , including 515 stores in the United States , Canada and Puerto Rico , and 705 leased departments located within department stores and baby specialty stores throughout the United States and in Puerto Rico .
as consideration for its services , IRTH will receive from the Corporation a monthly fee of $ 7,500 and as a single one - time retainer payment , $ 100,000 worth of shares of Orbital Tracking Corp. s common stock ; calculated by the average closing price of Orbital Tracking Corp. s common stock on its principal exchange for the 10 ( ten ) trading days immediately prior to the execution of this Agreement ; which shares shall be Restricted Securities , pursuant to the provisions of Rule 144 .
Mr. Loughlin served as a member of the board of directors of Alfacell Corporation , a biopharmaceutical company primarily focused on therapeutic drugs for the treatment of cancer and other pathological conditions , until 2008 and Datascope Corp , a medical device company engaged in the interventional cardiology and radiology , cardiovascular and vascular surgery , and critical care fields , until January 2009 .
Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement , Cytosorbents Corp have agreed to pay Purolite royalties of 2.5 % to 5 % on the sale of certain of Cytosorbents Corp products if and when those products are sold commercially .
Of NATIONAL HEALTH INVESTORS INC total revenues , $ 10,954,000 ( 16 % ) and $ 10,954,000 ( 18 % ) were derived from Holiday for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 , including $ 1,849,000 and $ 2,241,000 in straight - line rent income , respectively .
the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding unit , including the LINN Energy units LinnCo , LLC hold and vote in accordance with the vote of LinnCo , LLC shareholders , may be reduced ; .
Prior to founding Orbital , Mr. Thompson was employed by Hughes Electronics Corporation as special assistant to the President of its Missile Systems Group and by NASA at the Marshall Space Flight Center as a project manager and engineer , and also worked on the Space Shuttle 's autopilot design at the Charles Stark Draper Laboratory .
( 2 ) Due to the changes made to the relevant regulations in Malaysia that became effective in November 2015 , InspireMD , Inc. are required to register InspireMD , Inc. product .
Nucor s investment in Duferdofin Nucor at December 31 , 2015 , was $ 258.2 million ( $ 412.9 million at December 31 , 2014 ) .
Inc.   , on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I , Crandall Melvin III , Principal Accounting Officer of SilverSun Technologies , Inc , certify to the best of my knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
On March 1 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. through its 100 % subsidiary Alta Disposal Ltd. acquired 50 % interest in Tero Oilfield Services Ltd. ( the Tero )
Mr. Milinazzo also spent 12 years as an executive with Boston Scientific Corporation in numerous roles , including vice president of marketing for SCIMED Europe .
During the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , Mr. Romano earned $ 15 thousand and $ 42 thousand for his service as a director of CONTANGO OIL & GAS CO , respectively .
Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which Ms. Xu was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time .
Exhibit 99.4 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed February 16 , 2012 .
In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 - K of The Dun Bradstreet Corporation ( the Company ) for the period ending December 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Robert P. Carrigan , Chief Executive Officer of DUN & BRADSTREET CORP / NW , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
( the " Company " ) for the fiscal period ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof the report , I , Zheng James Chen , Chief Financial Officer of AOXING PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY , INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of my knowledge : .
These rules and verification requirements , which have applied to Xcerra Corp activities since 2013 and will apply to Xcerra Corp activities going forward , impose additional costs on us and on Xcerra Corp suppliers , and may limit the sources or increase the prices of materials used in Xcerra Corp products .
Prior to joining Ultra , Mr. Johnson was employed by Anadarko Petroleum for 13 years where he served in various engineering and leadership roles in several assets located in onshore North America , shelf and deep water Gulf of Mexico and in Algeria .
CHEETAH ENTERPRISES , INC . principal business and corporate address is Condominio Torres Paseo Colon # 604 San Jose , Costa Rica ; CHEETAH ENTERPRISES , INC . telephone number is 506 - 8730 - 1923 .
Among other things , the Preliminary Injunction placed an immediate freeze on all monies and assets of Mr. Frank and ordered Mr. Frank to prepare and deliver to NCI , Inc.
Exhibit 24.43 THESE PRESENTS that I , Christopher M. Crane , do hereby appoint David M. Velazquez and Wendy E. Stark , or either of them , attorney for me and in my name and on my behalf to sign the annual Securities and Exchange Commission report on Form 10 - K for 2016 of Pepco Holdings LLC , together with any amendments thereto , to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission , and generally to do and perform all things necessary to be done in the premises as fully and effectually in all respects as I could do if personally present .
For Messrs. Sheridan and Gallagher , the value realized was based on the closing price on the NYSE for AmeriGas Partners Common Units , and for Mr. Walsh and Ms. Gaudiosi , the value realized was based on the closing price on the NYSE for shares of UGI common stock , on the vesting date .
Prior to his tenure at Oxbow , Mr. Courtney served in various downstream and midstream management positions at Exxon and Exxon Mobil from 1991 to 2013 .
CMF Aspect Master Fund L.P. ( Aspect Master ) and PGR Master Fund L.P. ( PGR Master , together with Aspect Master , the Funds ) have entered into futures brokerage account agreements with MS Co. Aspect Master had also entered into a foreign exchange brokerage account agreement with MS Co. CMF Altis Partners Master Fund L.P. ( Altis Master )
Mr. Rondeau , through his ownership interest in Freedom Fitness , LLC , entered into an ADA with us dated December 10 , 2009 , under which he has opened eight stores as of December 31 , 2015 , for each of which he entered into a franchise agreement .
If any excess cash held by iHeartCommunications , Inc. foreign subsidiaries were needed to fund operations in the United States , iHeartCommunications , Inc. could presently repatriate available funds without a requirement to accrue or pay U.S. taxes .
Principles of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements are presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and include operations and balances of NABUFIT Global , Inc. and its wholly - owned subsidiaries NABUFIT Denmark , NABUFIT China and NABUFIT IP .
For the three month period ended March 31 , 2017 , these settlements , along with the impact that the dissolution of CREATIVE REALITIES , INC . Broadcast International , Inc. subsidiary had on its resolution of obligations , resulted in a gain of $ 866 .
Comparison of the three months ended March 31 , 2017 versus the three months ended March 31 , 2016 The following table provides summary information about KBS Real Estate Investment Trust II , Inc. results of operations for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 ( dollar amounts in thousands ): . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ( 1 ) Represents the dollar amount increase ( decrease ) for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 compared to the three months ended March 31 , 2016 related to real estate and real estate - related investments disposed of on or after January 1 , 2016 .
VALSPAR CORP operate in over 25 countries , and approximately 45 % of VALSPAR CORP total net sales in the first six months of fiscal year 2017 were generated outside of the U.S.
Mr. Osterman s initial base salary of $ 125,000 was negotiated at the time Mr. Osterman joined NGL Energy Partners LP management team upon completion of NGL Energy Partners LP acquisition of Osterman Propane .
BIOLARGO , INC . have seven wholly - owned subsidiaries : BioLargo Life Technologies , Inc , organized under the laws of the State of California in 2006 , Odor - No - More , Inc , organized under the laws of the State of California in 2009 , BioLargo Water USA , Inc , organized under the laws of the State of California in 2013 , BioLargo Water , Inc , organized under the laws of Canada in 2014 , BioLargo Maritime Solutions , Inc. organized under the laws of the State of California in 2016 , BioLargo Development Corp , organized under the laws of the State of California in 2016 , and BioLargo Engineering Science and Technologies , LLC , organized under the laws of the State of Tennesse in 2017 .
In November 2014 , Castle Brands Inc. entered into the 2014 Distribution Agreement with Barrington Research Associates , Inc. ( Barrington ) as sales agent , under which Castle Brands Inc may issue and sell over time and from time to time , to or through Barrington , shares ( the Shares ) of Castle Brands Inc Common Stock having a gross sales price of up to $ 10.0 million .
In connection with the quarterly report of Select Energy Services , Inc. ( the Company ) , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Gary Gillette , Chief Financial Officer of Select Energy Services , Inc , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to his knowledge : .
See the section titled Financial Condition - Allowance for loan losses and Notes 1 and 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP 201 5 Annual Report to Stockholders , included as Exhibit 13.1 to this Form 10 - K , for detailed information on criticized and classified loans as of December 31 , 201 5 and 20 1 4 .
Pursuant to certain agreements , DISH Network provides EchoStar and us certain professional services , for which EchoStar pays DISH Network an amount equal to DISH Network s cost plus a fixed margin .
If Wright Medical Group N.V. price Wright Medical Group N.V. products in U.S. dollars and Wright Medical Group N.V. competitors price their products in local currency , an increase in the relative strength of the U.S. dollar could result in Wright Medical Group N.V. prices not being competitive in a market where business is transacted in the local currency .
C ost of services increased $ 208.5 million , or 26.8 percent , for the year ended December 31 , 2015 compared with the respective period in 2014 , inclusive of TVN s results for six months in 2015 .
William E. Conway , Jr. William E. Conway , Jr. Co - Chief Executive Officer and Director ( co - principal executive officer ) .
In addition to his role at Beijing Radio , Mr. Wong serves as a board member and chairperson of the audit committee of the following companies :
Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Relating to a Periodic Report Containing Financial Statements I , Robert F. Beard , Chief Executive Officer , and I , Daniel J. Platt , Chief Financial Officer , of UGI Utilities , Inc , a Pennsylvania corporation ( the Company ) , hereby certify that to UGI UTILITIES INC knowledge : ( 2 )
non - payment or non - performance of Anadarko or WES s other significant customers , including under WES s gathering , processing and transportation agreements and its $ 260.0 million note receivable from Anadarko ; .
Because of the timing of Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. IPO , the results of operations for the year ended December 31 , 2013 reflect Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. results together with those of Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. Predecessor , while the results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 are solely ours .
On March 1 , 2017 , LANDEC CORP \CA\ purchased substantially all of the assets of O Olive for $ 2.5 million in cash plus contingent consideration of up to $ 7.5 million over the next three years based upon O Olive achieving certain earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization ( EBITDA ) targets .
On March 20 , 2017 , SPEEDEMISSIONS INC entered into and closed an Asset Purchase Agreement ( the Purchase Agreement ) with Auto Recycling of Montgomery , Inc , an Alabama corporation ( ARM ) , pursuant to which SPEEDEMISSIONS INC agreed to purchase certain assets of ARM , including land , buildings , equipment and inventory previously used by ARM in an auto recycling operation which ceased operations in June of 2014 .
Wowio , Inc. discussion and analysis of Wowio , Inc. financial condition and results of operations is based on Wowio , Inc. consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) .
Mr. Howatson holds certifications from the University of Waterloo and the Canadian Forces College .
Any limitations on the ability of U.S. financial regulatory and law enforcement agencies , including the PCAOB , to access books , records and testimony , to conduct onsite investigation of operations , to exercise subpoena power and to take other investigative actions , including those stemming from investor tips , complaints and referrals , may deprive investors of the benefits and protections of these agencies , and investors may lose confidence in , or be skeptical as to the quality of , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . s disclosures in filings with the SEC , reported financial information and procedures and the quality of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
The balance due to Otmane Tajmouati , ADDENTAX GROUP CORP . s sole officer and director , as of December 31 , 2015 , was $ 8,100 .
Mr. Guidry joined Unit Petroleum Company in August 1988 as a Staff Geologist .
In 1995 , Mr. Kelly joined Matthews International Corporation , where he served as Chairman of the Board , Chief Executive Officer and President until his retirement in 2007 .
ADOBE SYSTEMS INC outsource ADOBE SYSTEMS INC procurement , production , inventory and fulfillment activities to third parties in the United States , Germany and Singapore .
( Gain ) Loss on Assets Sold and To Be Sold The gain on assets sold and to be sold of $ 16.4 million for the year ended December 31 , 2014 includes a gain of $ 13.5 million from the sale of MOSAIC CO salt operations at MOSAIC CO Hersey , Michigan mine , combined with a gain of $ 8.5 million from the sale of MOSAIC CO distribution business in Argentina as the final sales prices of both were higher than previously estimated .
Prior to joining Mosaic as an employee in February 2006 , Mr. Brausen had been Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Tennant Company , a designer , manufacturer and marketer of floor maintenance and outdoor cleaning equipment , chemical - free cleaning technologies , specialty surface coatings and related products , since March 2000 .
Angie 's List , Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer , Scott A. Durchslag , and Angie 's List , Inc. co - founder and Chief Marketing Officer , Angie Hicks , are critical to Angie 's List , Inc. overall management and the development of Angie 's List , Inc. culture and strategic direction .
During the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 , AERIE PHARMACEUTICALS INC research and development activity was primarily associated with Phase 3 registration trials for Rhopressa TM and Roclatan TM .
In connection with the quarterly report of Tutor Perini Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 3 0 , 201 7 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Gary G. Smalley , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TUTOR PERINI CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Regardless , all of Helmerich & Payne , Inc. foreign operations use the U.S. dollar as the functional currency and local currency monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured into U.S. dollars with gains and losses resulting from foreign currency transactions included in current results of operations .
On February 6 , 2013 , pursuant to an Agreement between Mr. Keming Li , former CEO / President and Director of Golden Oasis New Energy Group Inc , a Nevada corporation   , Ms. Guoling Jin , former Treasury and Director of Golden Oasis New Energy Group Inc , and Ms. Madison Li   , of Golden Oasis New Energy Group Inc , and Mr. Jian Li   , Mr. Jian Li became the principal stockholder and Chief Executive Officer and Tzongshyan George Sheu the Vice - president , secretary , and director of First America Resources Corp. Going Concern and Plan of Operation .
Energy - related initiatives affect a wide variety of companies throughout the United States and the world and , because Taylor Morrison Home Corp operations are heavily dependent on significant amounts of raw materials , such as lumber , steel , and concrete , they could have an indirect adverse impact on Taylor Morrison Home Corp operations and profitability to the extent the manufacturers and suppliers of Taylor Morrison Home Corp materials are burdened with expensive cap and trade and similar energy related regulations .
The Insurance Act 1978 of Bermuda and related regulations , as amended , or the Insurance Act , regulates the insurance business of Essent Group Ltd. Bermuda - based reinsurance subsidiary , Essent Reinsurance Ltd , and provides that no person may carry on any insurance business in or from within Bermuda unless registered as an insurer under the Insurance Act by the Bermuda Monetary Authority , or the BMA .
Mr. Canning has been Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. Chief Compliance Officer since November 2015 .
Malek Ladki , a director and chairman of the Board of Directors of Mobetize converted 300,000 shares of common stock into 300,000 shares of Series B Preferred stock during the twelve months ended March 31 , 2017 Don Duberstein , a director of Mobetize converted 1,039,167 shares of common stock into 1,039,167 shares of Series B Preferred stock during the twelve months ended March 31 , 2017 .
On May 30 , 2013 , FS Benefit Trust was formed as a Delaware statutory trust for the purpose of awarding equity incentive compensation to employees of Franklin Square Holdings and its affiliates .
MamaMancini s Holdings , Inc. ( formerly Mascot Properties , Inc. ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22 , 2009 .
Right of Recourse In the ordinary course of business , KADANT INC 's subsidiaries in China may receive banker 's acceptance drafts from customers as payment for outstanding accounts receivable .
Gramercy Property Trust s CEO , Gordon F. DuGan , is on the board of directors of the Gramercy European Property Fund and has committed and fully funded approximately $ 1,388 ( 1,250 ) in capital to the Gramercy European Property Fund .
As a result of the change from the SICAD II Rate to the SIMADI Rate , on March 31 , 2015 REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP was required to re - measure all of Revlon Venezuela s monetary assets and liabilities at the SIMADI Rate .
Joseph Lerman Title : Manager Aggregate Principal Amount of
To the extent Carlyle Group L.P. and/or certain of Carlyle Group L.P. senior Carlyle professionals fund additional capital into a company that is experiencing difficulties , Carlyle Group L.P. may be required to consolidate the entity into Carlyle Group L.P. financial statements under applicable U.S. GAAP .
Kenneth S. Eickerman Director Mr. Eickerman became a director on March 4 , 2004 .
The most significant losses were experienced within the global interest rate sector during July and August from short positions in European and U.S. fixed income futures as prices moved higher as investors interpreted comments from U.S. Federal Reserve Chief Janet Yellen and European Central Bank President Mario Draghi as being more dovish than previously stated .
Dr. Kellum , a member of the UPMC faculty since 1994 , is the Chairman of Cytosorbents Corp Severe Sepsis and Inflammatory Disease Advisory Board .
NCS Multistage Holdings , Inc. operate through service facilities principally located in Houston , Midland and Corpus Christi , Texas ; Tulsa and Oklahoma City , Oklahoma ; and Calgary , Red Deer , Grande Prairie and Estevan , Canada .
Messrs. Connor , Klimley and Peters serve on Antero Midstream Partners LP audit committee , and Mr. Connor serves as the Chairman of the committee .
If WAVE Life Sciences Ltd. or WAVE Life Sciences Ltd. collaborators , manufacturers or service providers fail to comply with applicable continuing regulatory requirements in the United States or foreign jurisdictions in which WAVE Life Sciences Ltd. may seek to market WAVE Life Sciences Ltd. products , WAVE Life Sciences Ltd. or they may be subject to , among other things , fines , warning letters , holds on clinical trials , refusal by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications , suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approval , product recalls and seizures , refusal to permit the import or export of products , operating restrictions , injunction , consent decree , civil penalties and criminal prosecution .
The two distribution centers in the Dallas - Fort Worth area support primarily Neiman Marcus Group LTD LLC online operations in the United States , and Neiman Marcus Group LTD LLC distribution center outside of Munich , Germany supports Neiman Marcus Group LTD LLC MyTheresa operations .
References to Farmland Partners Inc , Farmland Partners Inc , us and Farmland Partners Inc. company refer to Farmland Partners Inc , a Maryland corporation , together with Farmland Partners Inc. consolidated subsidiaries , including Farmland Partners Operating Partnership , L.P , a Delaware limited partnership ( the Operating Partnership ) , of which Farmland Partners Inc. are the sole member of the sole general partner .
During the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , Managed Portals and Advertising revenue was $ 13.5 million , a decrease of 22 % as compared to $ 17.3 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 .
Seychelle Environmental Technologies , Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on January 23 , 1998 as a change in domicile to Royal Net , Inc , a Utah corporation that was originally incorporated on January 24 , 1986 .
UBS Credit Facility On April 7 , 2015 , Business Development Corp of America , through a wholly - owned , special - purpose , bankruptcy - remote subsidiary , Helvetica Funding , entered into a debt financing facility with UBS AG , London Branch ( UBS ) , pursuant to which $ 150.0 million will be made available to Business Development Corp of America to fund investments in new securities and for other general corporate purposes ( the UBS Credit Facility ) .
At the time ICON ECI Fund Sixteen acquire or divest of an interest in Capital Assets , ICON ECI Fund Sixteen may , under very limited circumstances , agree to indemnify the seller or buyer for specific contingent liabilities .
In the first quarter of 2016 , DOUGLAS DYNAMICS , INC increased its annual implied dividend from $ 0.89 to $ 0.94 per share and both declared and paid a dividend of $ 0.2350 .
SSIC is a VIE of BSL , China Shouguan Investment Holding Group Corp 's wholly - owned subsidiary in the PRC .
On March 24 , 2017 , Rebel Group , Inc. entered into a Convertible Loan Agreement with Pure Heart , Khian Kiee Leong , a member of Rebel Group , Inc. s board of directors , and an investor , pursuant to which the investor lent $ 200,000 Singapore Dollars ( $ 142,856 USD ) to Pure Heart ( the Loan ) .
InspireMD , Inc. compensation committee is currently comprised of Messrs. Stuka and Loughlin and Dr. Barer , each of whom qualify as an independent director under Sections 803(A ) and 805(c)(1 ) of the NYSE MKT rules .
CHEGG , INC conduct CHEGG , INC sales , marketing and customer service activities primarily in the United States .
Currently , COMMUNITY TRUST BANCORP INC /KY/ own one commercial bank , Community Trust Bank , Inc. ( CTB ) and one trust company , Community Trust and Investment Company , Inc. Through COMMUNITY TRUST BANCORP INC /KY/ subsidiaries , COMMUNITY TRUST BANCORP INC /KY/ have eighty banking locations in eastern , northeastern , central , and south central Kentucky , southern West Virginia , and northeastern Tennessee , four trust offices across Kentucky , and one trust office in northeastern Tennessee .
whether NorthStar Healthcare Income , Inc. will realize the benefits of the partnership between NorthStar Healthcare Income , Inc. sponsor and James F. Flaherty III , a member of NorthStar Healthcare Income , Inc.
At December 31 , 2016 , members of DIXIE GROUP INC audit committee are Michael L. Owens , Chairman , William F. Blue , Jr , Charles E. Brock , Walter W. Hubbard , Lowry F. Kline , Hilda W. Murray and John W. Murrey , III .
Gas Utility provides natural gas distribution services to over 635,000 customers in certificated portions of 44 eastern and central Pennsylvania counties through its distribution system .
If an employee whose employment terminates prior to the end of a year receives an AICP award payment for that year , the amount of the AICP award payment will generally be prorated for the period of the employee s service during the year and paid at the time the award is paid to active Grace employees .
As of June 30 , 2017 , KEYCORP
On November 15 , 2006 , NF Energy Saving Corp executed a Plan of Exchange ( Plan of Exchange ) , among NF Energy Saving Corp , Neng Fa , the shareholders of Neng Fa ( the Neng Fa Shareholders ) and Gang Li , NF Energy Saving Corp Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ( Mr. Li ) .
The following table shows , for the periods indicated , the high and low bid prices per share of Cytosorbents Corp common stock as reported by NASDAQ and the OTCBB quotation service .
Management 's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses Green Meadow Products , Inc. 's consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principals generally accepted in the United States of America .
From March 2013 to October 2013 , Ms. Wells served as Vice President , acting General Counsel and Corporate Secretary and from September 2011 to March 2013 , she served as Vice President , Assistant General Counsel and Corporate Secretary .
Non - interest Expense IBERIABANK CORP s results for 2015 included non - interest expense of $ 570.3 million , an increase of $ 96.7 million over 2014 .
Christopher J. Spencer Christopher J. Spencer Chief Executive Officer and President Date : 5/12/17 /s/ John Busshaus John Busshaus Chief Financial Officer 16 .
W. P. Carey Inc. President , to succeed Mr. Mark J. DeCesaris as W. P. Carey Inc. Chief Executive Officer and as a Director , both effective as of January 1 , 2018 .
Mr. Ujobai has been an Executive Vice President since May 2003 and a Senior Vice President since January 2001 .
The table also sets forth certain information concerning the ownership of ordinary shares of Can - Fite , OphthaliX , Inc. majority shareholder and parent , as of as of March 22 , 2017 , by ( i ) each of OphthaliX , Inc. directors and named executive officers , and ( ii ) OphthaliX , Inc. directors and executive officers as a group .
Mr. Dougherty was chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors of Kalidex Pharmaceuticals , Inc. from May 2012 to October 2012 .
Changes in China s political and economic policies and conditions could cause a substantial decline in the demand for SORL Auto Parts Inc products and services .
Since major market hubs for natural gas and NGLs and related products are located in the Mid - Continent and Gulf Coast regions of the United States and Midcoast Energy Partners , L.P. logistics and marketing business assets are geographically located within Texas , Louisiana , Oklahoma , Kansas and Mississippi , the majority of activities conducted by Midcoast Energy Partners , L.P. logistics and marketing business are conducted within those states .
On December 30 , 2016 , Royal entered into the Option Agreement with Rhino , Rhino Resources Partners Holdings , LLC ( Rhino Holdings ) and Rhino GP .
Phillip D. Joseph , Jr. Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Spirit General OP Holdings , LLC , as general partner of Spirit Realty , L.P. Exhibit .
Dato Yap Ting Hau was appointed as Director and Chairman of the Board and Datin Chan Heng Si was appointed President and Director .
WESTERN DIGITAL CORP current plans anticipate WESTERN DIGITAL CORP can meet WESTERN DIGITAL CORP U.S. cash needs while continuing to permanently reinvest the undistributed earnings of WESTERN DIGITAL CORP foreign subsidiaries .
The increases during the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 were primarily due to the recording of an accrual for additional infrastructure costs at ENCORE CAPITAL GROUP INC domestic sites and increases in general and administrative expenses at ENCORE CAPITAL GROUP INC international subsidiaries , offset by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the British Pound during the periods presented .
Investments in Insignia at December 31 , 2015 had an aggregate cost basis of $ 5,106,000 and sustained gross unrealized losses aggregating $ 362,000 .
From February 2009 to March 2010 , Mr. Perlman served as Vice President of Global Digital Business Development at EMI Music Group ( EMI ) , where he was responsible for leading distribution deals with digital partners for EMI s music and video content .
Les M. Taeger Senior Vice President and Chief October 30 , 2017 .
Indenture , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(f ) to Form 8 - K dated September 17 , 2014 and filed by the Depositor on September 18 , 2014 .
Real Goods Solar , Inc. net cash used in operating activities during the three months ended March 31 , 2016 was primarily due to Real Goods Solar , Inc. net loss of $ 3.7 million , increased by noncash items of $ 0.3 million and a net increase in working capital assets and liabilities of $ 0.4 million .
David B. Rottino is the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of LinnCo and LINN Energy and has served in such capacity since August 2015 .
Financial Condition , Liquidity and Capital Resources Carey Credit Income Fund - I primary sources of cash include ( i ) the sale of Carey Credit Income Fund - I Common Shares , ( ii ) Carey Credit Income Fund - I shareholders ' reinvestment of their distributions , ( iii ) distributions received from Carey Credit Income Fund - I ownership of the Master Fund 's common shares , and ( iv ) expense reimbursement payments from the Advisors pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement .
However , since Marina Biotech , Inc. strategy is to be a late - stage biopharmaceutical company with the goal of a commercial product launch and profitability within the next several years , the development and licensing of these platforms for the therapeutic assets of third parties will not be the primary focus of Marina Biotech , Inc. company .
Michel Vandevenne /s/ Diego Claeys Aquilina Marnix Claeys Michel Vandevenne Diego Aquilina Aleris HR Director Duffel Regional Manager General Director .
Extra Space may terminate a sub - property management agreement on 60 days prior written notice to Strategic Storage Trust II , Inc. Property Manager .
The information contained in or accessible through Cardiovascular Systems Inc website is not incorporated by reference into , and should not be considered part of , this Annual Report on Form 10 - K. Cardiovascular Systems Inc have received 19 federal registrations in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ) of certain marks , including Diamondback , a first CSI , a second CSI , CSIQ , Stealth 360 , a first CSI logo , a second CSI logo , TAKE A STAND AGAINST AMPUTATION , ViperWire , ViperWire Advance , Viperwire Advance ( Stylized ) , Viperslide , Viperslide ( Stylized ) , ViperTrack , Vipertrack ( Stylized ) , a first Diamondback 360 , a second Diamondback 360 , Diamondback 360 ( Stylized ) Logo , and Stay A Step Ahead of PAD .
Mark A. Crosswhite Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer , and Director Age 53 Elected in 2014 .
Loan Agreement with Iconic Holdings , LLC On March 3 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with Iconic Holdings , LLC , pursuant to which Iconic provides Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company with an aggregate investment of $ 100,000 in consideration of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc.
On May 21 , 2015 , the compensation committee of the board of directors granted to Cesar Johnston , Energous Corp s Senior Vice President of Engineering , RSUs under which Mr. Johnston has the right to receive 1,500 shares of Energous Corp s common stock .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT ability to pay the principal and interest on CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT indebtedness as it comes due will depend upon CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT current and future performance .
Net cash used in operating activities during the six months ended June 30 , 2017 was primarily attributable to INTERMOLECULAR INC net loss of $ 8.7 million , which was partially offset by non - cash charges of $ 3.6 million for depreciation , amortization , and accretion , $ 1.0 million for stock - based compensation and increase in accounts payable of $ 0.7 million and reduction in accounts receivables of $ 2.2 million .
Prior to joining FARMERS NATIONAL BANC CORP /OH/ , Ms. Wallace Soukenik served as the Assistant Vice President of Marketing and Physician Relations at Trumbull Memorial Hospital , where she managed a $ 14 million endowment , a $ 1.5 million marketing budget and all physician contracts .
From September 2006 to September 2009 , Mr. Deblaere served as Accenture plc chief operating officer Outsourcing .
The terms Legacy Education Alliance , Inc , Legacy Education Alliance , Inc , Legacy Education Alliance , Inc , Legacy Education Alliance , Inc , us or Legacy as used in this report refer collectively to Legacy Education Alliance , Inc , a Nevada corporation ( Legacy ) , the registrant , which was formerly known as Priced In Corp , and , unless the context otherwise requires , together with its wholly - owned subsidiary , Legacy Education Alliance Holdings , Inc , a Colorado corporation , other operating subsidiaries and any predecessor of Legacy Education Alliance Holdings , including TIGE .
Until eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp common stock is listed on the NASDAQ or another stock exchange , eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp expect that eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp common stock will continue to be eligible to trade on the OTC Bulletin Board , another over - the - counter quotation system , or on the pink sheets , where eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp. stockholders may find it more difficult to dispose of shares or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp common stock .
The following series of tables and discussions describe in more detail Dividend Capital Diversified Property Fund Inc. results of operations , including those items specifically mentioned above , for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 compared to the three months ended March 31 , 2016 .
WestMountain Alternative Energy Inc depend almost entirely on the efforts and continued employment of Mr. Klemsz , WestMountain Alternative Energy Inc President and Treasurer .
From July 2001 to April 2011 , Eric served as Google s Chief Executive Officer .
The accounts of NTE , NetSol UK , VLSH and VLS use the British Pound ; VLSIL and NTG use the Euro ; NetSol PK , Connect , Omni and NetSol Innovation use the Pakistan Rupee ; NTPK Thailand and NetSol Thai use the Thai Baht ; Australia uses the Australian dollar ; and NetSol Beijing uses the Chinese Yuan as the functional currencies .
Prior to TWO RIVER BANCORP s formation in 2006 , its banking subsidiaries had stock option plans , with outstanding stock options , for the benefit of their employees and directors .
SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP was organized as a holding company in 1979 , when Security National Life Insurance Company ( " Security National Life " ) became a wholly owned subsidiary of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP and the former stockholders of Security National Life became stockholders of the Company .
Mr. Quist has additionally served as SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP 's Associate General Counsel since 2007 , where his responsibilities have included SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP 's regulatory matters and acquisitions .
( 1 ) All other revenue and pre - tax income from continuing operations include $ ( 54.6 ) million and $ 491.3 million of realized and unrealized gains ( losses ) relating to LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORP investment in FXCM for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively .
Declining per customer residential water usage in the State of Maine may reduce CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT revenues , financial condition and results of operations in future years .
On January 30 , 2017 , Carbonite Inc entered into a fourth amendment to the Credit Facility with Silicon Valley Bank ( the " 2017 Amendment " ) , which increased the Credit Facility in the amount of $ 15.0 million to a total credit limit of $ 40.0 million .
WHEREAS , ACTIVECARE , INC . and ATI entered into that certain Distribution Agreement dated October 3 , 2013 ( the " Distribution Agreement " ) and attached hereto as Exhibit A wherein ATI was granted an Exclusive Distributorship to the territory of New York , New Jersey and Connecticut by ATI paying ACTIVECARE , INC .
i nitiated the process of winding down Bankrate , Inc. operations in China after negotiations with potential buyers did not result in a transaction .
During the year ended December 31 , 2015 , Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. utilized the net proceeds from the disposition of Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. properties to reduce Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. debt and invest in the SGO Joint Venture and the SGO MN Joint Venture .
Total lease operating expenses during 2014 , excluding special items , increased $ 38.1 million ( 6 % ) on an absolute - dollar basis , or $ 0.05 on a per - BOE basis compared to 2013 , due primarily to ( 1 ) costs associated with expansion of tertiary floods , including a full year of lease operating expense at Bell Creek Field , which increased DENBURY RESOURCES INC operating expenses by approximately $ 19 million from 2013 , ( 2 ) a full year of operating expenses associated with DENBURY RESOURCES INC acquisition of additional interests in CCA in late - March 2013 as compared to only approximately nine months of expenses associated with DENBURY RESOURCES INC additional interests in CCA in 2013 , which increased operating expense by approximately $ 10 million , ( 3 ) higher power costs in 2014 due in part to higher natural gas prices , and ( 4 ) the impact of a large unplanned well workover at Riley Ridge , which increased operating expenses by approximately $ 12 million in 2014 .
MedoveX Corp. ( the Company ) was incorporated in Nevada on July 30 , 2013 as Spinez Corp.
Name Age Position James R. Belardi Chairman , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer William J. Wheeler President Grant Kvalheim Executive Vice President Athene , Chief Executive Officer and President Athene USA Martin P. Klein Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Frank L. Gillis Executive Vice President Athene , Chief Executive Officer ALRe John Rhodes Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer Marc Beilinson Director * Robert Borden Director * Brian Leach Director * Gernot Lohr Director H. Carl McCall Director * Matthew R. Michelini Director Dr. Manfred Puffer Director Marc Rowan Director Lawrence J. Ruisi Director * Imran Siddiqui Director Hope Schefler Taitz Director * Arthur Wrubel Director * .
The International Segment includes General Motors Financial Company , Inc. operations in Brazil , Chile , Colombia , Mexico and Peru as well as General Motors Financial Company , Inc. equity investment in SAIC - GMAC Automotive Finance Company Limited ( SAIC - GMAC ) , a joint venture that conducts auto finance operations in China .
General The financial statements presented in this report represent the consolidation of Waste Management , Inc , a Delaware corporation ; Waste Management s wholly - owned and majority - owned subsidiaries ; and certain variable interest entities for which Waste Management or its subsidiaries are the primary beneficiaries as described in Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements .
Most recently , Mr. Berg served as chief executive officer and chief customer service officer for the fastest growing reseller of Verizon services .
The equipment is sold through Delphax and its subsidiaries located in Canada , the United Kingdom and France .
On July 31 , 2013 , Granite Falls Energy , LLC entered into a Management Services Agreement with HLBE .
Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. earn interest on customer funds segregated in safekeeping accounts ; on customer borrowings on margin , secured by marketable securities these customers hold with us ; from Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. investment in U.S. and foreign government securities ; from borrowing and lending securities in the general course of Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. market making and brokerage activities ; and on deposits with banks .
Inc. recognize that personal privacy has become a significant issue in the United States , Europe , and many other countries where Guidewire Software , Inc. operate .
During the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 , Scripps Networks Interactive , Inc. sold Scripps Networks Interactive , Inc. 7.3 percent equity interest in Fox Sports South and received $ 225.0 million of cash proceeds .
In addition , in January 2016 , Medidata Solutions , Inc. settled a separate lawsuit filed against us by DataTrak International , Inc. ( " DataTrak " ) after its patent was held invalid in November 2015 .
Brighthouse Financial , Inc. insurance company operating subsidiaries are domiciled in Delaware , Massachusetts and New York .
In 2014 , Alliant Energy , IPL and WPL implemented this tax accounting method change , which resulted in the inclusion of additional tax deductions on Alliant Energy s U.S. federal income tax return for the calendar year 2014 .
For example : SENIOR HOUSING PROPERTIES TRUST have no employees and the personnel and various services SENIOR HOUSING PROPERTIES TRUST require to operate SENIOR HOUSING PROPERTIES TRUST business are provided to us by RMR LLC pursuant to SENIOR HOUSING PROPERTIES TRUST management agreements with RMR LLC ; RMR Inc. is the managing member of RMR LLC ; ABP Trust , which is owned by SENIOR HOUSING PROPERTIES TRUST Managing Trustees , is the controlling shareholder of RMR Inc. ; and SENIOR HOUSING PROPERTIES TRUST own shares of class A common stock of
Senior Vice President , Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer ( principal accounting officer ) Jeffrey A. Schwaneke .
Following the completion of the Madden transaction , FREEPORT - MCMORAN INC portfolio of oil and gas assets would include oil and natural gas production onshore in South Louisiana and on the GOM Shelf and oil production offshore California , which had total oil and gas sales volumes of 6.4 MMBOE during 2016 .
Mr. Levy has served as SURGE COMPONENTS INC Chairman since November 1981 .
to letter agreements with SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC , if Ms. Binion s or Mr. McRae s employment is terminated by SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC without cause , the executive will be entitled to a severance payment equal to one times their then - current base salary , payable in installments over one year .
On November 29 , 2016 , Accelerize Inc. entered into the Settlement Agreement with Jeff McCollum , or McCollum , to settle pending litigation between Accelerize Inc. and McCollum in the Superior Court of the State of California related to McCollum s termination as an executive officer of Accelerize Inc. on September 8 , 2014 .
Foreign currency The functional currency for Castle Brands Inc s foreign operations is the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom .
Aon UK Limited , an indirect wholly - owned subsidiary of Aon plc , is presently engaged in several internal regulatory reviews and ongoing interactions with the FCA concerning Aon UK Limited s systems and controls .
MAC and CSA provide overnight small package airfreight delivery services on a contract basis throughout the eastern half of the United States and the Caribbean .
Mr. Call was Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and Treasurer of Friedman s from 1993 until 1997 .
On March 6 , 2014 , Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. entered into a share exchange agreement with Canna - Life .
Under the terms of the agreement , Macfarlan Smith Ltd , a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson Matthey Plc , headquartered in the United Kingdom , will contribute technology expertise and capital to the joint venture .
In 2016 , Changyou s Board of Directors approved the disposal of Changyou s 51 % equity interest in MoboTap .
Paritosh K. Choksi Paritosh K. Choksi , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of ATEL Financial Services , LLC ( Managing Member ) .
In addition , as a result of Macquarie Infrastructure Corp Manager s being a member of the Macquarie Group , negative market perceptions of Macquarie Group Limited generally or of Macquarie s infrastructure management model , or Macquarie Group statements or actions with respect to other managed vehicles , may affect market perceptions of Macquarie Infrastructure Corp Company and cause a decline in the price of Macquarie Infrastructure Corp shares unrelated to Macquarie Infrastructure Corp financial performance and prospects .
Czech Republic Actuate Corporation Delaware , United States Actuate International Corporation Delaware , United States Actuate International Holding Company Delaware , United States Antelope Holding Inc. Delaware , United States ANX Holdings , Inc. Delaware , United States ANXe Business LLC Delaware , United States Easylink Services International Corporation Delaware , United States EasyLink Services USA , Inc. Delaware , United States GXS International , Inc. Delaware , United States GXS , Inc. Delaware , United States Open Text Holdings , Inc. Delaware , United States Open Text Inc. Delaware , United States Open Text USA Inc. Delaware , United States Recommind , Inc. Delaware , United States Rocket Holdco , Inc. Delaware , United States Vignette Partnership , LP Delaware , United States .
Southern Company and Southern Power Company increased their borrowing ability under these arrangements to $ 2.0 billion from $ 1.25 billion and to $ 750 million from $ 600 million , respectively .
Mr. Morrissey has been selected as the presiding director for non - management executive sessions of the Board .
The assets , liabilities , and operating results of 3PI have been included in POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s consolidated financial statements from the Date of Acquisition to December 31 , 2014 .
Atlantic Aviation : a provider of fuel , terminal , aircraft hangaring and other services primarily to owners and operators of general aviation ( GA ) aircraft on 69 airports in the U.S. ; .
In October 2015 , Castle Brands Inc , through a wholly - owned subsidiary , entered into an extension and amendment agreement ( New Agreement ) with Pallini S.p . A. ( f / k / a Pallini Internazionale S.r.l . )
MARCUS CORP compare MARCUS CORP results for these periods to the comparable periods of fiscal 2015 the unaudited 30 - week period from May 30 , 2014 to December 25 , 2014 , consisting of two 13 - week periods and a final four - week period .
If , however , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT do not generate sufficient cash , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT may be required to refinance CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT obligations or sell additional equity , which may be on terms that are not as favorable to CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT as current terms .
In November 2015 , Regulus Therapeutics Inc. entered into a clinical trial collaboration and formulation agreement with GSK LLC .
Under the merger agreement , as amended , Berry s shareholders received 1.68 LinnCo common shares for each Berry common share they owned , totaling 93,756,674 LinnCo common shares valued at approximately $ 2.7 billion .
Set forth below are the names , ages and positions of First Priority Tax Solutions Inc. executive officers and directors as of August 21 , 2017 : Name Age Positions Michael Heitz 66 President and Chairman of the Board Steve Ireland 56 Secretary and Director Set forth below is biographical information for each of First Priority Tax Solutions Inc. executive officers and directors .
With regard to Mr. Light , Mr. Schwarzman considered his distinguished career as a professor and dean at Harvard Business School with extensive knowledge and expertise of the investment management and capital markets industries .
Accordingly , in markets outside the United States , the reimbursement for ARDELYX , INC . products may be reduced compared with the United States and may be insufficient to generate commercially reasonable revenue and profits .
Mr. MacLellan currently serves as Chairman of the Board of eWellness Corporation since May 2013 .
Civeo Corp accumulated other comprehensive loss decreased $ 17.7 million from $ 362.9 million at December 31 , 2016 to $ 345.2 million at March 31 , 2017 , as a result of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations .
Mr. Silverman received a Bachelor s degree in Finance from the George Washington University and a Master s Degree in Accounting from Nova Southeastern University .
RTI SURGICAL , INC . direct revenues increased by $ 9.1 million , or 11.6 % , to $ 87.4 million , and RTI SURGICAL , INC . global commercial revenues decreased by $ 681,000 , or 1.4 % , to $ 49.4 million .
As stockholders , Messrs. Levie , Levin ( our former Chief Operating Officer ) and Smith are entitled to vote their shares in their own interests , which may not always be in the interests of BOX INC stockholders generally .
The following table sets forth the high and low prices for Heritage Global Inc. common stock , as quoted on the OTCQB , for the calendar quarters from January 1 , 2014 through December 31 , 2015 , based on inter - dealer quotations , without retail mark - up , mark - down or commissions .
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENT , that each of the undersigned Directors of GENERAL DYNAMICS CORPORATION , a Delaware corporation , hereby constitutes and appoints each of PHEBE N. NOVAKOVIC , JASON W. AIKEN and GREGORY S. GALLOPOULOS as his or her true and lawful attorney - in - fact and agent , with full power of substitution , for and in his or her name , place and stead , in any and all capacities , to sign the 2016 Annual Report on Form 10 - K of General Dynamics Corporation , and to file the same , with all exhibits thereto , and other documents in connection therewith , with the Securities and Exchange Commission , granting unto each said attorney - in - fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary as fully as to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person , and hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney - in - fact and agent or his or her substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof .
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Richard N. McLellan .
Overview Hatteras Financial Corp results since 2013 have been largely dominated by U.S. Federal Reserve actions , primarily the discussion around the timing of the end of its quantitative easing program and the beginning of increases in the Fed Funds Target Rate .
In order to be eligible to have Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc products paid for with federal funds under the Medicaid and Medicare Part B programs and purchased by certain federal agencies and grantees , Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc participate in the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs , or VA , Federal Supply Schedule , or FSS , pricing program .
/ s / Lianyue Song Lianyue Song , Chief Financial Officer May 12 , 2017 .
Pursuant to a Board Representation and Standstill Agreement entered into in connection with LSB Funding s purchase of preferred stock in December 2015 , LSB Funding has the right to designate three directors on LSB INDUSTRIES INC Board , and the Golsen Holders have the right to appoint two directors , subject to reduction in each case in certain circumstances .
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are calculated based on temporary differences between NorthStar Real Estate Income Trust , Inc. s U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements and the federal , state and local tax basis of assets and liabilities as of the consolidated balance sheet date .
Accordingly , SEARS HOLDINGS CORP results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other quarter , and comparable store sales for any particular future period may increase or decrease .
Mr. Connor has served as a director and Chairman of the audit committee of Antero since September 1 , 2013 .
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc , a Delaware corporation , its wholly - owned subsidiaries , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc , a Colorado corporation ( RMCF ) , Aspen Leaf Yogurt , LLC ( ALY ) , and its 39%-owned subsidiary , U - Swirl , Inc. ( U - Swirl ) , of which RMCF has financial and operational control ( collectively , the Company ) .
Also , in early November 2014 , eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp were advised by the California State Board of Physical Therapy ( CSBPT ) that eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp. could operate eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp PHZIO platform and bill patients insurance within the Association s rules in the state of California .
The banking facilities were guaranteed by Mr. Xianqian Li , CBAK Energy Technology , Inc. former CEO , Ms. Xiaoqiu Yu , the wife of the Company s former CEO , Shenzhen BAK , Mr. Yunfei Li , CBAK Energy Technology , Inc. s CEO , and Ms. Qinghui Yuan , Mr. Yunfei Li s wife .
The Bank Guarantee Facility allows GEO to provide letters of credit to assure performance of certain obligations of its wholly owned subsidiary relating to its prison project in Ravenhall , located near Melbourne , Australia .
Seasonality Planet Fitness , Inc. results are subject to seasonality fluctuations in that member joins are typically higher in January as compared to other months of the year .
The HSS Tracking Stock is a series of HSS preferred stock consisting of 300 authorized shares with a par value of $ 0.001 per share , of which 81.128 shares were issued to DISH Network on March 1 , 2014 .
Mr. O Dell served on the board of the Columbus Chamber of Commerce and The Ohio State University Medical Center , and he was a founding investor in the Ohio TechAngel Venture Fund .
Costs associated with Neff Corp rental revenues increased 8.8 % to $ 81.0 million for the year ended December 31 , 2014 from $ 74.5 million for the year ended December 31 , 2013 .
Loeb shall serve as ACORN ENERGY , INC . s principal executive officer in the capacities of president and chief executive officer , with all the power and authority and executing all the functions associated with such offices , and shall commit sufficient business time to effectively discharge the responsibilities of ACORN ENERGY , INC . s president and chief executive officer , without any additional compensation .
From 1997 to 2002 , Mr. Holcombe served in various executive positions at Ceridian Corporation and its subsidiaries , including Executive Vice President of Ceridian Corporation .
Ms. Sohler serves as a volunteer director on area Chambers of Commerce and several non - profit Boards , is the Chair of the New Jersey Utilities Association s Communications Committee and is a member of the American Water Works Association .
Prior to that , Ms. Brlas served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of STERIS Corporation , a provider of healthcare products , from 2000 through 2006 .
The following table summarizes SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC restricted stock activity under the 2011 Plan for the year ended December 31 , 2015 : .
Historically , Carlyle Group L.P. conducted Carlyle Group L.P. energy activities jointly with Riverstone , advising five funds with approximately $ 6.3 billion in AUM as of December 31 , 2015 ( we refer to these energy funds as Carlyle Group L.P. Legacy Energy funds ) .
In December 2016 , SIMPSON MANUFACTURING CO INC /CA/ acquired a 25.0 % equity interest in Ruby Sketch Pty Ltd. ( Ruby Sketch ) for $ 2.5 million , for which SIMPSON MANUFACTURING CO INC /CA/ account for SIMPSON MANUFACTURING CO INC /CA/ ownership interest using the equity accounting method .
AFS Securities On November 12 , 2015 , Discovery Communications , Inc. acquired 5 million shares , or approximately 3 % , of Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. ( " Lionsgate " ) , an entertainment company , for $ 195 million .
During the year ended September 30 , 2017 , SB / RH Holdings , LLC increased its valuation allowance for deferred tax assets by $ 20.5 million of which $ 13.4 million is related to an increase in valuation allowance against U.S. net deferred tax assets and $ 7.1 million related to an increase in the valuation allowance against foreign net deferred tax assets .
Mr. Freeman has also served in financial executive and management roles of progressive responsibility with United Technologies Corporation and SPX Corporation .
In addition , DURECT CORP have a small multi - discipline manufacturing facility in California that DURECT CORP have used to manufacture research and clinical supplies of several of DURECT CORP pharmaceutical product candidates under GMP , including POSIMIR , REMOXY ER , and ELADUR .
Granite Falls Energy , LLC pay Eco - Energy a fixed fee per gallon of ethanol sole in consideration of Eco - Energy 's services .
One of LSB INDUSTRIES INC subsidiaries within LSB INDUSTRIES INC Chemical Business , PCC has been advised that the ODEQ is conducting an investigation into whether the chemical production facility located in Pryor , Oklahoma is in compliance with certain rules and regulations of the ODEQ and whether PCC s reports of certain air emissions primarily in 2011 were intentionally reported incorrectly to the ODEQ .
Stephen C. Gray President and Chief Executive Officer .
Mark T. Behrman , Executive Vice President of Finance , Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
On July 9 , 2013 , SRT Manager acquired a 12 % membership interest in Secured Holdings pursuant to a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement ( the Purchase Agreement ) by and among SRT Manager , Secured Holdings , us and Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. operating partnership .
During the course of 2016 , as part of Identiv , Inc. restructuring initiatives announced in the first quarter of 2016 , Identiv , Inc. streamlined Identiv , Inc. global operations , transitioned to a single acco unting system across substantially all Identiv , Inc. businesses , and strengthened Identiv , Inc. global accounting and finance function in Orange County , California .
In July 2017 , the U.K. Supreme Court ruled that Actavis s products directly infringe LILLY ELI & CO vitamin regimen patents in the U.K , Italy , France , and Spain .
Kate proceeds to make comments both to other FTI Consulting personnel and to Danica herself that suggest Danica shared an inap- propriate personal relationship with the hiring manager .
Antero owned 58.6 % of the outstanding limited partner interests in Antero Midstream at March 31 , 2017 , and Antero s officers and management group also act as management of Antero Midstream .
accrued penalty of $ 900 related to the internal investigation related to the possible sale of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC products by a distributor into Iran ; partially offset by : .
Each of CHINA BAK BATTERY INC subsidiaries in the PRC may stop allocations to its general reserve if such reserve has reached 50 % of its registered capital .
In September 2012 , MACROGENICS INC entered into a right - to - develop collaboration agreement with Les Laboratoires Servier and Institut de Recherches Servier ( collectively , Servier ) and granted it options to obtain three separate exclusive licenses to develop and commercialize DART molecules , consisting of those designated by MACROGENICS INC as flotetuzumab ( also known as MGD006 or S80880 ) and MGD007 , as well as a third DART molecule , in all countries other than the United States , Canada , Mexico , Japan , South Korea and India .
GCP Applied Technologies Inc. operate GCP Applied Technologies Inc. business on a global scale with approximately 64 % of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. 2015 sales outside the United States .
Mr. Xiaojun Zhuang , 45 , has served as China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. director from November 2012 and is currently serving as a director of Jiangsu Xuefeng .
Mr. De Vreese , REMEDENT , INC . chairman , will remain as a director of Glamsmile Dental along with Mr. David Lok , who is the Chief Executive Officer and director of Glamsmile Dental and principal of Gallant .
The SMWA was formed by Rangeview and nine other governmental or quasi - governmental water providers pursuant to the South Metro WISE Authority Formation and Organizational Intergovernmental Agreement , dated December 31 , 2013 ( the SM IGA ) , to enable the members of SMWA to participate in the regional water supply project known as the Water Infrastructure Supply Efficiency partnership ( WISE ) created by the WISE Partnership Agreement .
Borrowings under a loan agreement bear interest at a rate of 5 % for a borrowing period of six months and are guaranteed by ( i ) Mr. Tong Shiping , China Auto Logistics Inc s Chairman , President and CEO , ( ii ) Ms. Cheng Weihong , a Director and Senior Vice President of China Auto Logistics Inc , ( iii )
The RSUs will have the following terms and conditions : ( A ) the number of RSUs will be determined by dividing the dollar amount of the award by the closing price of EnSync , Inc. 's common stock on the first business day preceding the Annual Meeting , rounded up to the next whole share ; ( B ) 25 % of the RSUs will vest on the date of grant , and the remaining RSUs will vest 25 % each on March 31 , June 30 and September 30 following the Annual Meeting , provided the non - employee director remains in continuous service with the Board through the applicable vesting date ; ( C ) the RSUs will vest earlier in the event of a " Change in Control " of the Company ( as defined in the Stock Plan ) ; ( D ) except in the case of Mr. Birnbaum 's and Mr. Stern 's RSUs , vested RSUs will be payable upon the earlier of ( x ) the date that is six months after the non - employee director " separates from service " with the Board ( within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code ) or ( y ) the date of a Change in Control ( provided that the Change in Control is a permissible " change in control " payment event within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code ) ; ( E ) Mr. Birnbaum 's and Mr. Stern 's vested RSUs will be payable on vesting ; ( F ) vested RSUs will be payable in the form of one share of common stock of EnSync , Inc. for each vested RSU then payable ; and ( G ) the RSUs will otherwise be subject to the terms of the Stock Plan and will be evidenced by an appropriate RSU award agreement .
Director Emeritus Mr. Virgil Swift served as a director from 1981 until the 2005 annual meeting of shareholders , at which time he was given the honorary title of Director Emeritus .
Covestro agreement - Subsidiaries within LSB INDUSTRIES INC Chemical Business , El Dorado Nitric Company and its subsidiaries ( EDN ) and EDC , are party to an agreement ( the Covestro Agreement ) with Covestro AG , formerly Bayer MaterialScience LLC ( Covestro ) .
Although CITIZENS & NORTHERN CORP total expenses from FDIC assessments have steadily decreased to $ 600,000 in 2014 ( up slightly to $ 603,000 in 2015 ) from $ 2,092,000 in 2009 , CITIZENS & NORTHERN CORP .
Results of Operations Comparison of Three Months Ended June 30 , 2017 and 2017 The following table sets forth key components of Aerkomm Inc. results of operations during the three - month periods ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
This business segment was formed when in April 2013 , CUI Global acquired 100 % of the capital stock of Orbital - UK , a United Kingdom - based provider of natural gas infrastructure and advanced technology , including metering , odorization , remote telemetry units ( RTU ) and a diverse range of personalized gas engineering solutions to the gas utilities , power generation , emissions , manufacturing and automotive industries .
Although electric service in Iowa and Wisconsin is regulated , IPL and WPL still face competition from self - generation by large industrial customers , customer- and third party - owned generation ( e.g. solar panels ) , alternative energy sources , and petitions to municipalize ( Iowa ) as well as service territory expansions by municipal utilities through annexations ( Wisconsin ) .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Atara Biotherapeutics , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , Isaac Ciechanover , Chief Executive Officer of Atara Biotherapeutics , Inc , and John McGrath , Chief Financial Officer of Atara Biotherapeutics , Inc , respectively , do each hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Under each of CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . franchise agreements with BKC , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . are required to comply with operational programs established by BKC .
Graham Commodity Strategy LLC s policy is to value the NYMEX memberships and the shares of the CME Group at fair value .
Mr. Dougherty was Executive Chairman of Celator Pharmaceuticals , Inc , a publicly - traded biotechnology company from August 2015 to July 2016 , and a director from July 2013 to July 2016 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of ICTV Brands , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Kelvin Claney , Chief Executive Officer , Richard Ransom , President , and Ernest P. Kollias , Jr , Chief Financial Officer of ICTV Brands Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of their knowledge and belief : .
SunOpta Inc. operations based in the U.S. have limited exposure to other currencies since almost all sales and purchases are made in U.S. dollars .
In addition , through Phillips 66 joint venture operations in Switzerland , Phillips 66 have interests in 298 additional sites .
The Adviser is led by its investment team : C.E. Patterson , Founder and Managing Director of the General Partner of MacKenzie and the Adviser ; Glen W. Fuller , who serves as Chief Operating Officer and Managing Director of the General Partner of MacKenzie and the Adviser ; Chip Patterson , who serves as Managing Director and General Counsel , and Director of the General Partner of MacKenzie and the Adviser ; Robert E. Dixon , who serves as Chief Investment Officer and Managing Director of the General Partner of MacKenzie and the Adviser ; Paul F. Koslosky , who serves as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the General Partner of MacKenzie and the Adviser ; and Christine E. Simpson , who serves as Chief Portfolio Manager and Senior Vice President of Research for the General Partner of MacKenzie and the Adviser .
LUBYS INC operated 14 of these locations in the Houston , Texas area , two in San Antonio , Texas , two in the Texas Lower Rio Grande Valley , and one in Dallas , Texas .
Subject to satisfaction of specified conditions , the Separation was accomplished by way of the distribution to holders of shares of W. R. Grace Co. common stock of all of the shares of common stock of GCP Applied Technologies Inc , a Delaware corporation ( the " Company " ) .
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology ( MIIT ) has stated that the activities of Internet content providers are subject to regulation by various PRC government authorities , depending on the specific activities conducted by the Internet content provider .
AWG International Water Corporation incorporated on December 19 , 2005 , under the laws of the State of Nevada , and is headquartered in Spokane Valley , Washington .
First Federal operated two banking locations in Hammond and Highland , Indiana .
VIGILANT DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS , INC./NV officer and director , Todd W. L. Vigil , will take care of VIGILANT DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS , INC./NV initial administrative duties .
On February 21 , 2014 , Cloud Peak Energy Resources LLC entered into a five - year Credit Agreement with PNC Bank , National Association , as administrative agent , and a syndicate of lenders , which was amended on September 5 , 2014 ( as amended , the Credit Agreement ) .
The BMA may , by written notice , object to a person holding 10 % , 20 % , 33 % or 50 % of Essent Group Ltd. common shares if it appears to the BMA that the person is not fit and proper to be such a holder .
On May 11 , 2015 , Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises , Inc. entered into a credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders ( " Credit Agreement " ) in connection with Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises , Inc. spin - off from The Babcock Wilcox Company .
As of August 4 , 2017 , Dell controlled 81.4 % of VMware s outstanding common stock , and Dell s percentage ownership of VMware common stock could increase as a result of repurchases by VMware of its Class A common stock or purchases by Dell .
Presently , none of InspireMD , Inc. products may be sold or marketed in the United States .
The sales price for Forest City Realty Trust , Inc. equity interest in Barclays Center was $ 162,600,000 , generating net cash proceeds of $ 60,924,000 and a note receivable of $ 92,600,000 , which bears interest at 4.50 % per annum payable semi - annually and matures in 2019 .
In addition , Great Lakes Dredge & Dock CORP international operations are subject to U.S. and other laws and regulations regarding operations in foreign jurisdictions .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT qualify all of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT forward - looking statements by these cautionary statements .
SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC results of operations during the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 or 2013 .
Net Loss Presbia PLC net loss of $ 4.7 million for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 was $ 0.4 million higher , or 11 % higher , than the net loss of $ 4.3 million in the corresponding period in 2016 .
As of December 31 , 2016 , GROTE MOLEN INC were indebted to Bruce Crane , an officer , director and principal stockholder of GROTE MOLEN INC , in the principal amount of $ 3,500 pursuant to a demand note bearing interest at 6 % per annum and in the aggregate amount of $ 939 pursuant to non - interest bearing advances with no formal repayment terms .
Name Age Position David Beling 75 President , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Secretary , Treasurer and Director Alan Lindsay 65 Chairman Kjeld Thygesen 69 Director David Beling Mr. Beling , was appointed as Bullfrog Gold Corp. s President , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Director on July 27 , 2011 .
ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC stockholder , Pharmstandard International S.A , or Pharmstandard , had also agreed pursuant to the securities purchase agreement that , at ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC option following the satisfaction of certain conditions , Pharmstandard could be required to purchase at a third closing up to approximately $ 10.3 million of shares of common stock ( without warrants ) .
The decrease in FBR & Co. operating results in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to the $ 80.9 million decrease in investment banking revenue in 2014 compared to 2013 .
Settled Civil Litigation On August 25 , 2008 , ORION FUTURES FUND LP and two ratings agencies were named as defendants in a purported class action related to securities issued by a structured investment vehicle called Cheyne Finance PLC and Cheyne Finance LLC ( together , the Cheyne SIV ) .
His holdings could result in a delay of , or serve as a deterrent to , any change in control of IXYS CORP /DE/ company , which may reduce the market price of IXYS CORP /DE/ common stock .
Mr. Loke worked as an independent , non - executive director of ZMay Holdings Limited , a public company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from January 2008 to July 2008 and as Chief Financial Officer for Asia Properties Inc. from May 31 , 2011 to March 28 , 2012 and Sino Bioenergy Inc , with both companies listed on the OTC Markets in the US , from 2011 to 2012 .
INTUITIVE SURGICAL INC operations outside of the U.S. are subject to risks typical of operations outside of the U.S , including , but not limited to , differing economic conditions , changes in political climate , differing tax structures , other regulations and restrictions , and foreign exchange rate volatility .
Brian C. White Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
Pfizer Inc. On July 11 , 2012 , Verastem , Inc. entered into a license agreement with Pfizer under which Pfizer granted us worldwide , exclusive rights to research , develop , manufacture and commercialize products containing certain of Pfizer s inhibitors of FAK , including defactinib , for all therapeutic , diagnostic and prophylactic uses in humans .
On March 5 , 2013 , Connecticut Water and CoBank entered into a promissory note and single advance term loan supplement to the master loan agreement ( the Note ) in which CoBank agreed to make an additional loan to Connecticut Water in an aggregate principal amount of up to $ 14,550,000 , with a maturity date of March 4 , 2033 .
Mr. Mazzini has served as President of Giant since then .
WL Ross Holding Corp. entire activity through December 31 , 2015 was the identification of a target company for an initial Business Combination .
In connection with the Annual Report of Altair Nanotechnologies Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Guohua Sun , Chief Executive Officer of ALTAIR NANOTECHNOLOGIES INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ,
Dr. Elliott has served with the United States Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) in the Avian Influenza Pandemic Preparedness Program in Washington , D.C. as Senior Program Manager for the Antigen Sparing Project since 2006 .
Any amounts borrowed under the Revolving Credit Facility , and all accrued and unpaid interest , will be due and payable , on the earliest of : ( a ) December 22 , 2019 ; ( b ) the date upon which SMBC declares the obligations , or the obligations become , due and payable after the occurrence of an event of default under the Revolving Credit Facility ; ( c ) the date upon which Bain Capital Specialty Finance , Inc. terminate the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility ; and ( d ) 45 days prior to the earlier of ( 1 ) the date upon which the commitment period under the subscription agreements terminates and ( 2 ) the date upon which the ability to make capital calls and receive capital contributions otherwise terminates .
FTI CONSULTING INC experience fluctuations in FTI CONSULTING INC annual and quarterly financial results , including revenues , operating income , and earnings per share for reasons that include the number , size , timing and duration of client engagements ; the timing of revenue recognition under GAAP ; utilization of revenue - generating professionals ; the types of engagements FTI CONSULTING INC are working on at different times ; the geographic locations of FTI CONSULTING INC clients or the location where services are rendered ; billing rates and other fee arrangements ; the length of billing and collection cycles ; new hiring ; business and asset acquisitions ; and economic factors beyond FTI CONSULTING INC control .
The historical consolidated balance sheet information as of September 30 , 2012 , and 2011 are of the Predecessor and the consolidated statements of operations information for the three months ended December 31 , 2012 and for the years ended September 30 , 2012 and 2011 , are of the Predecessor and , along with the consolidated balance sheets of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. company as of December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 and the consolidated statement of operations of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. company for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , have been derived from the historical audited consolidated financial statements and related notes .
In 2003 , CERUS CORP terminated Phase III clinical trials evaluating a prior generation of the red blood cell system in acute and chronic anemia patients .
Douglas MacLellan , Chairman of the Board .
In February 2017 , Sunstone Hotel Investors , Inc. entered into separate At the Market Agreements ( the ATM Agreements ) with each of Merrill Lynch , Pierce , Fenner Smith Incorporated , J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Wells Fargo Securities , LLC .
On April 26 , 2016 , FIRST MID ILLINOIS BANCSHARES INC entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger ( the " Merger Agreement " ) with First Clover Leaf Financial Corp , a Maryland corporation ( " First Clover Leaf " ) , pursuant to which , amongst other things , FIRST MID ILLINOIS BANCSHARES INC agreed to acquire 100 % of the issued and outstanding shares of First Clover Leaf pursuant to a business combination whereby First Clover Leaf would merge with and into FIRST MID ILLINOIS BANCSHARES INC , with FIRST MID ILLINOIS BANCSHARES INC as the surviving entity ( the " Merger " ) .
On March 17 , 2014 , the KPP Purchasing Parties agreed to pay Kodak $ 20 million of incremental consideration ( $ 13 million was paid in March 2014 and the remainder was paid in March 2015 ) in lieu of working capital adjustments contemplated by the Amended SAPA .
Paul served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Intel Corporation , a semiconductor manufacturing company , from May 2005 to May 2013 , and as a member of its board of directors from 2002 to May 2013 .
Mr. Ross has been employed by Morgan Stanley Investment Management , a financial services firm , since September 2005 , where his responsibilities include serving as an Assistant Treasurer of Morgan Stanley with respect to certain investment vehicles publicly offered by Morgan Stanley .
Digital Donations Technologies , Inc , formerly known as Fishing Ridge Acquisition Corporation , was incorporated in Delaware on May 21 , 2015 and filed a registration statement on Form 10 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 28 , 2015 and became a public reporting company sixty days thereafter .
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC receivable from THATIC JV for these agreements was $ 5 million and zero as of September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , respectively , included in Prepayment and other receivables - related parties on ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC condensed consolidated balance sheets .
On August 20 , 2013 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a letter of intent with Tero Oilfield Services Ltd , a private company , pursuant to which Tero agreed to sell up to 75 % of the issued and outstanding common shares of Tero to Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company in exchange for payment in the amount of $ 1,500,000 .
On June 18 , 2015 , ORION FUTURES FUND LP entered into a settlement with the SEC and paid a fine of $ 500,000 as part of the MCDC Initiative to resolve allegations that ORION FUTURES FUND LP failed to form a reasonable basis through adequate due diligence for believing the truthfulness of the assertions by issuers and/or obligors regarding their compliance with previous continuing disclosure undertakings pursuant to Rule 15c2 - 12 in connection with offerings in which ORION FUTURES FUND LP acted as senior or sole underwriter .
These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies in IXYS CORP /DE/ industry , and could harm the market price of IXYS CORP /DE/ common stock .
Translation of Financial Results Most of FTI CONSULTING INC foreign subsidiaries operate in a currency other than the United States dollar ; therefore , increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies will affect FTI CONSULTING INC operating results and the value of FTI CONSULTING INC balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of VapAria Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Alexander Chong , Chief Executive Officer of VapAria Corp , and I , Daniel Markes , Chief Financial Officer of VapAria Corp , do hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
In January 2015 , EQT Corp formed EQT GP Holdings , LP ( EQGP ) ( NYSE : EQGP ) , a Delaware limited partnership , to own EQT Corp 's partnership interests in EQT Midstream Partners , LP ( EQM ) ( NYSE : EQM ) .
In addition , both President Obama and the Administrator of the EPA have repeatedly indicated their preference for comprehensive legislation to address this issue and create the framework for a clean energy economy , with the Obama Administration supporting an emission allowance system .
Dr. Kolchinsky is the managing member of RA Capital Management , LLC , the general partner of RA Capital Healthcare Fund , L.P , one of Wave Life Sciences Ltd. shareholders .
KVH INDUSTRIES INC \DE\ future success depends to a significant degree on the skills and efforts of Martin Kits van Heyningen , KVH INDUSTRIES INC \DE\ co - founder , President , Chief Executive Officer , and Chairman of the Board .
As a result of Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc. end of Phase II meetings with the FDA in September 2014 and July 2015 , and the submission of the Special Protocol Agreement ( SPA ) in November 2015 , Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc intend to initiate the Phase III program upon completion of the SPA procedure , and begin enrolling patients in the first calendar quarter of 2016 .
The increase in revenue in 2014 reflects the impact of the fourth quarter 2013 group hire of 32 institutional brokerage sales , trading and research professionals on FBR & Co. brokerage activities in 2014 as well as FBR & Co. continued investment in research .
A reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory tax rate to FCX s effective income tax rate for the years ended December 31 follows : .
Subsequent Event On January 27 , 2016 , GCP entered into a Separation and Distribution Agreement ( the Separation Agreement ) with Grace pursuant to which Grace agreed to transfer its construction products business , and its packaging technologies business operated under the Darex name , to GCP ( the Separation ) , and distribute all of the Grace - owned common stock of GCP to Grace s stockholders in a distribution intended to be generally tax - free to Grace s stockholders ( the Distribution ) .
As a public company , EXTREME NETWORKS INC are subject to requirements under the Dodd - Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 , or the Dodd - Frank Act , and the regulations adopted by the SEC as a result of the Dodd - Frank Act , that require us to perform certain reasonable country of origin inquiry and diligence exercises , and disclose and report on EXTREME NETWORKS INC diligence process and efforts to ascertain whether or not EXTREME NETWORKS INC products may contain conflict minerals mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or adjoining countries .
After accounting for the sale of these five emissions testing centers , SPEEDEMISSIONS INC now operate 22 emission testing centers in Atlanta , Georgia , St. Louis , Missouri and Salt Lake City , Utah metropolitan areas , plus three mobile testing units in the Atlanta , Georgia area .
Andrew Reckles , Former Chairman of the Board and CEO , Marshall Diamond - Goldberg , Former President and COO , Warren S. Binderman , President , CEO , CFO , and Secretary / Treasurer , James Vandeberg , former CFO and Secretary and Kyle Severson , former Chief Financial Officer ( our NEOs ) for each of the fiscal years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 : .
Americas revenue of $ 227 million declined 10.3 percent , EMEA revenue of $ 116 million declined 0.4 percent and Asia Pacific revenue of $ 74 million declined 17.0 percent .
During the second quarter of 2017 , FirstEnergy s revenues decreased $ 92 million as compared to the same period in 2016 , resulting from a $ 252 million decrease at CES , partially offset by a $ 73 million increase at Regulated Distribution and a $ 52 million increase at Regulated Transmission .
Amount excludes AICP payments executive officers may receive under certain circumstances in the discretion of the Grace Compensation Committee as described below under Termination and Change - in - Control Arrangements .
Headquartered in Denver , Colorado , Aventura provides awareness computing for the healthcare industry .
Mr. Juster serves as Simon s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
On April 1 , 2017 , MYnd Analytics , Inc. entered into a Master Purchase and Option Agreement with Arcadian Telepsychiatry LLC ( Arcadian ) , a Pennsylvania based limited liability company and Mr. Robert Plotkin , who , prior to the transaction , was the sole member and owned 100 % of the membership interests in Arcadian .
During 2016 and continuing into 2017 , the volatility in crude oil prices and refining margins contributed to the variability of Northern Tier Energy LP results of operations .
Jeff Mitchell was issued the grant in connection with his departure from the office of Chief Financial Officer .
Before Gannett , Ms. Banikarim served as Senior Vice President at NBC Universal from 2009 to 2011 , Chief Marketing Officer for Univision Communications , Inc. from 2002 to 2009 , and founded a strategy firm that consulted for such clients as Deutsche Bank , Bacardi and Time - Warner .
Management Rights Letter As a condition to entering into the Master License Agreement , the Loan and Security Agreement and the Ligand Note , Viking Therapeutics , Inc. entered into a Management Rights Letter with Ligand , dated as of May 21 , 2014 , or the Management Rights Letter .
In November 2016 , aTYR PHARMA INC entered into a loan and security agreement , or Loan Agreement , for a term loan with Silicon Valley Bank and Solar Capital Ltd , to borrow up to $ 20.0 million principal in new term loans , $ 10.0 million of which was funded in November 2016 and $ 5.0 million of which was funded in June 2017 .
These agreements also provide PES with the option to purchase the Fort Mifflin and Belmont terminals if certain triggering events occur , including a sale of substantially all of the assets or operations of the Philadelphia refinery , an initial public offering , or a public debt filing of more than $ 200 million .
In exchange for the rights SPHERIX INC granted under the Second RPX License , SPHERIX INC received the following consideration : ( i ) a cash payment made to us in May 2016 in the amount of $ 4,355,000 ; and ( ii ) cancellation of the remaining 381,967 shares of SPHERIX INC outstanding Series H Convertible Preferred Stock currently held by RPX , having a total carrying amount of $ 31,894,244 at the time the stock was issued to Rockstar .
The discussion and analysis of AUDIOEYE INC financial condition and results of operations are based upon AUDIOEYE INC consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
InspireMD , Inc. settled with the plaintiff in the amount of $ 80,000 plus $ 20,000 for legal fees , which was approved by the Labor Court and paid by InspireMD , Inc. in March 2016 resulting in the provision decreasing to $ 100,000 .
In this Report on Form 10 - Q ( Report ) , references to Mastercard Inc , Mastercard , Mastercard Inc , us or Mastercard Inc refer to the Mastercard brand generally , and to the business conducted by Mastercard Incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries , including Mastercard Inc operating subsidiary , Mastercard International Incorporated .
the need to comply with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to COPART INC international operations ; .
Audit Committee NorthStar Realty Europe Corp. board of directors has determined that all three members of the Audit Committee are independent and financially literate under the rules of the NYSE and that at least one member , Mr. Minami , who chairs the Audit Committee is an audit committee financial expert , as that term is defined by the SEC .
The accompanying unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of SIGNAL BAY , INC . have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission , and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in SIGNAL BAY , INC . s most recent Annual Financial Statements filed with the SEC on Form 10 - K.
Madison Bank of Maryland , as a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta , is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in that Federal Home Loan Bank .
Seagate Technology plc pays a floating rate , based on LIBOR plus an interest rate spread , on the notional amount of the TRS .
On June 26 , 2017 , TAURIGA SCIENCES , INC . settled an outstanding convertible note in full with a noteholder , Group 10 LLC , for a one time cash payment in the amount of $ 59,659 .
Lisa Palmer Lisa Palmer President and Chief Financial Officer .
AQUANTIA CORP expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which AQUANTIA CORP operations are located , which is primarily in the United States and to a lesser extent in India , the Netherlands and Russia .
Prior to joining A. Schulman , Mr. Phillips served as the Vice President and General Manager of Comcast Cable in West Palm Beach , Florida from 2014 through 2016 and various roles of increasing responsibility with CenturyLink , and its predecessor company Qwest Communications , from 2001 through 2012 , where he ultimately served as the Vice President of business markets / central region .
MARCUS CORP do not expect this transaction to significantly impact MARCUS CORP fiscal 2016 operating results .
VARONIS SYSTEMS INC are dependent on the continued services and performance of VARONIS SYSTEMS INC co - founder , Yakov Faitelson , the loss of whom could adversely affect VARONIS SYSTEMS INC business .
The following Securities , including derivatives thereof , and any associated transactions are exempt from the preclearance and Holding Period rules , but not the disclosure requirements as the likelihood of a conflict of interest with any of Oaktree s investment activities is considered low : ( a ) U.S. municipal bonds excluding bonds issued by U.S. territories ( i.e , the commonwealth of Puerto Rico , American Samoa , Guam , the Northern Mariana Islands , and the U.S. virgin Islands ) ; ( b ) U.S. government agency debt obligations ( i.e , FNMA , FHLMC , and GNMA ) ; ( c ) Debt obligations ( i.e , sovereign state and provincial ( municipal ) debt ) issued by G7 governments , excluding those issued by the U.S. government ; ( d ) Security purchases in non - U.S. government savings bonds ; ( e ) Auction - rate money market instruments ; ( f ) Shares issued by open - end investment companies which are not registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 , as amended ( i.e , non - U.S. open - end fund ) , are not designated as a UCITS fund , and do not meet the Three Prong Test ; ( g ) Futures , options and other derivative instruments on currency ( e.g , foreign exchange ( FX ) derivatives ) ; ( h ) Futures , options and other derivative instruments on non - financial commodities ( e.g , pork belly contracts ) ;
Exhibit 32.1 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ( the Exchange Act ) , and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code ( 18 U.S.C. 1350 ) , Lisa D. Earnhardt , President and Chief Executive Officer of Intersect ENT , Inc. ( the Company ) and Jeryl L. Hilleman , Chief Financial Officer of Intersect ENT , Inc , each hereby certify that , to the best of her knowledge : 1 .
On June 12 , 2017 , defendants removed these actions to the United States District Court for the Northern District of California ( Federal Court ) , where they were captioned Grotewiel v. Avinger , Inc , No . 17 - cv-03400 , Gonzalez v. Avinger , Inc , No . 17 - cv-03401 , and Olberding v. Avinger , Inc , No . 17 - cv-03398 , and where the actions were related and assigned to the same judge .
Revolving Credit and Security Agreement dated as of November 25 , 2014 among MAMMOTH ENERGY SERVICES , INC , a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Mammoth ) , MAMMOTH ENERGY PARTNERS LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Mammoth Partners ) , REDBACK ENERGY SERVICES LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Redback Energy ) , REDBACK COIL TUBING LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Redback Coil ) , REDBACK PUMPDOWN SERVICES LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Redback Pumpdown ) , MR . INSPECTIONS LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Mr. Inspections ) , MUSKIE PROPPANT LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Muskie ) , PANTHER DRILLING SYSTEMS LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Panther ) , BISON DRILLING AND FIELD SERVICES LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Bison Drilling ) , BISON TRUCKING LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Bison Trucking ) , WHITE WING TUBULAR SERVICES LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( White Wing ) , GREAT WHITE SAND TIGER LODGING LTD , a Canadian limited company ( Sand Tiger ) , STINGRAY PRESSURE PUMPING LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Stingray Pressure ) , STINGRAY LOGISTICS LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Stingray Logistics ) MAMMOTH ENERGY INC , a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Mammoth Inc. ) , BARRACUDA LOGISTICS LLC , a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Barracuda ) , SILVERBACK ENERGY SERVICES LLC , a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Silverback ) , and Sand Tiger Holdings Inc , a Delaware corporation ( Sand Tiger Holdings ) , MAMMOTH EQUIPMENT LEASING LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Mammoth Equipment ) , COBRA ACQUISITIONS LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Cobra ) , COBRA ENERGY LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Cobra Energy ) , PIRANHA PROPPANT LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Piranha ) , MAKO ACQUISITIONS LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Mako ) , HIGHER POWER ELECTRICAL , LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Texas ( Higher Power ) , STURGEON ACQUISITIONS LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Sturgeon ) , TAYLOR FRAC , LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Wisconsin ( Taylor Frac ) , TAYLOR REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS , LLC , a limited liability company formed under the laws of the State of Wisconsin ( Taylor Real Estate ) and SOUTH RIVER ROAD , LLC , a limited liability company formed under the laws of the State of Wisconsin ( South River , and together with Mammoth , Mammoth Partners , Redback Energy , Redback Coil , Redback Pumpdown , Mr. Inspections , Muskie , Panther , Bison Drilling , Bison Trucking , White Wing , Sand Tiger , Stingray Pressure , Stingray Logistics , Mammoth Inc , Barracuda , Silverback , Sand Tiger Holdings , Mammoth Equipment , Cobra , Cobra Energy , Piranha , Mako , Higher Power , Sturgeon , Taylor Frac , Taylor Real Estate and each Person joined hereto as a borrower from time to time , collectively , the Borrowers , and each a Borrower ) , the financial institutions which are now or which hereafter become a party hereto ( collectively , the Lenders and each individually a Lender ) and PNC BANK , NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ( PNC ) , as agent for Lenders ( PNC , in such capacity , together with its successors and assigns in such capacity , the Agent ) .
SEGMENT REPORTING As of January 2 , 2016 , ARK RESTAURANTS CORP owned and operated 22 restaurants and bars , 19 fast food concepts and catering operations , exclusively in the United States , that have similar economic characteristics , nature of products and service , class of customers and
Michael J. Gibbons Michael J. Gibbons Chief Financial Officer and Secretary ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
GoPro , Inc. products are subject to U.S. export controls , and exports of GoPro , Inc. products must be made in compliance with various economic and trade sanctions laws .
Noble Roman s , Inc , an Indiana corporation incorporated in 1972 with two wholly - owned subsidiaries , Pizzaco , Inc. and N.R. Realty , Inc , sells and services franchises and licenses for non - traditional foodservice operations and stand - alone take - n - bake locations under the trade names Noble Roman s Pizza , Noble Roman s Take - N - Bake and Tuscano s Italian Style Subs .
Cast Alloy is owned by Simi Almasan , Continuous Improvement Engineer , a current PLP employee .
Fulghum s gross profit was $ 3.6 million for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , compared to $ 7.6 million for the six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
Our independent stock transfer agent is Island Stock Transfer which is located at 15500 Roosevelt Boulevard , Suite 301 , Clearwater , Florida 33760 .
For the three months ended June 30 , 2017 , Indoor Positioning Analytics revenue was $ 1.2 million compared to $ 1.3 million for the prior year period .
Because of this access , initially all system maintenance , updates and upgrades of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp PHZIO platform will be made by Mr. Hollister as eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp Chief Technology Officer and a readily available team of independent freelance consultants in Ottawa .
In the event Leucadia purchased not less than its commitment amount , Lonestar Resources US Inc. agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into arrangements to provide Leucadia with the right to appoint one director to the Board of Lonestar Resources US Inc , provided that such right will terminate at such time as Leucadia and its affiliates own a number of shares of Class A voting common stock equal to less than 50 % of the shares purchased by Leuc adia and its affiliates in such offering .
HUMANIGEN , INC was incorporated on March 15 , 2000 in California and reincorporated as a Delaware corporation in September 2001 under the name KaloBios Pharmaceuticals , Inc. HUMANIGEN , INC completed its initial public offering in January 2013 .
General LSB Industries , Inc. ( LSB or Registrant ) was formed in 1968 as an Oklahoma corporation and became a Delaware corporation in 1977 .
Shake Shack Inc. entered into the Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement with the Management Company , effective January 2015 , pursuant to which the Management Company provides reduced management services to SSE Holdings comprised of executive leadership from Mr. Meyer and other members of USHG s senior management ; menu innovation advisory services by Mr. Meyer ; strategic development advisory services by Mr. Meyer ; leadership development services ; and limited human resources services .
RENTECH , INC . concluded that its consolidated financial statements for the three and s ix months ended June 30 , 2016 and the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2016 included in RENTECH , INC . s Form 10 - Q for the periods ended June 30 , 2016 and September 30 , 2016 , respectively , should no longer be relied upon for the reaso ns described above .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Duke Energy Florida , LLC ( Duke Energy Florida ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Lynn J. Good , Chief Executive Officer of Duke Energy Florida , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 )
Mr. Swick joined A M in July 2002 and has served as a Managing Director of the A M Houston office since it opened in July of 2002 .
In exchange for such funding , NETLIST INC have agreed that , if NETLIST INC recover any proceeds in connection with the funded SK hynix proceedings , NETLIST INC will pay to TRGP the amount of its funding plus an escalating premium based on when any such proceeds are recovered , such that the premium will equal a specified low - to - mid double - digit percentage of the amount of TRGP s funding and such percentage will increase by a specified low double - digit amount each quarter after a specified date until any such proceeds are recovered .
Name Position With Power Integrations Age Balu Balakrishnan President , Chief Executive Officer and Director Douglas Bailey Vice President , Marketing Radu Barsan Vice President , Technology David Mike Matthews Vice President , Product Development Sandeep Nayyar Vice President , Finance and Chief Financial Officer Ben Sutherland Vice President , Worldwide Sales Raja Petrakian Vice President , Operations Clifford Walker Vice President , Corporate Development .
In January 2016 , in connection with his commencement of employment with Sienna Biopharmaceuticals , Inc , Sienna Biopharmaceuticals , Inc. s board of directors granted Dr. Beddingfield , Sienna Biopharmaceuticals , Inc. s Chief Executive Officer , the right to purchase 554,000 shares of Sienna Biopharmaceuticals , Inc. s common stock for a purchase price of $ 2.35 per share , which the board of directors determined was the fair market value on the date of grant .
Omphalos , Corp is incorporated on April 15 , 2008 under the laws of the state of Nevada .
William S. Clement , 56 Executive Vice President and Chief Lending Officer Mr. Clement joined the Corporation in December 2015 as Senior Vice President and Chief Lending Officer and was promoted to Executive Vice President in February 2017 .
As of September 30 , 2017 , approximately 45 % MODEL N , INC . total employees were located in India , where MODEL N , INC . conduct a portion of MODEL N , INC . research and development activities , implementation services and support services .
TUESDAY MORNING CORP / DE ended the first six months of fiscal 2016 with 764 stores , compared to 792 stores at the end of the first six months of the prior year .
As of July 29 , 2017 , Express operated 503 primarily mall - based retail stores in the United States and Puerto Rico as well as 132 factory outlet stores .
Common and LTIP unitholders of limited partnership interest in BPLP , as of the close of business on December 30 , 2016 , received the same total distribution per unit on January 30 , 2017 .
The Bancorp s Common Stock is traded in the over - the - counter market and quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board .
Inc. Tammy McNeil , a former Faneuil call center employee , filed a Fair Labor Standards Act collective action case against Faneuil in federal court in Newport News , Virginia in 2015 .
For the three months ended March 31 , 2016 , revenues from the PC game TLBB were $ 55.5 million , accounting for approximately 54 % of Changyou s online game revenues , approximately 43 % of Changyou s total revenues , and approximately 14 % of the Sohu Group s total revenues .
The following tables summarize the composition of HUBSPOT INC short- and long - term investments at September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 .
Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Benjamin Ridding , Chief Executive Officer of Global Cosmetics Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
On February 3 , 2016 , Lehman Holdings filed an adversary proceeding against approximately 150 parties , including SecurityNational Mortgage , in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court of the Southern District of New York seeking a declaration of rights similar in nature to the declaration of rights that SecurityNational Mortgage seeks in its Delaware lawsuit , and for damages relating to the defendants ' obligations under indemnification provisions of the alleged agreements in an amount to be determined at trial , including interest , and attorneys ' fees and related costs incurred by Lehman Holdings in enforcing the obligations of the defendants .
In connection with Mr. Movalia s appointment as a director , TRAQER CORP and Mr. Movalia entered into a director agreement whereby Mr. Movalia will receive 3,000 shares of common stock valued at the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant at $ 30 ( $ 0.01 per share ) .
On December 12 , 2012 , Wowio , Inc. entered into a purchase agreement with the original owner of SDE , whereby the original owner re - acquired from Wowio , Inc. 10 specific titles from SDE .
Mr. Jelinek has been President and Chief Executive Officer since January 2012 and a director since February 2010 .
Contemporaneous with the execution of the Merger Agreement , Chemtura CORP entered into an agreement with SK Blue Holdings , Ltd , and Addivant USA Holdings Corp. ( collectively , " Addivant " ) that committed us to surrender Chemtura CORP shares of Addivant preferred stock to Addivant , a cash payment of $ 1 million to Addivant and certain other changes to Chemtura CORP continuing supply agreements with Addivant contingent upon the completion of the Merger in exchange for a modification of a non - compete agreement entered into in conjunction with the sale of Chemtura CORP antioxidants business to Addivant in 2013 .
Although Essent Group Ltd. did not participate in the practices that were the subject of the CFPB investigation , the private mortgage industry and Essent Group Ltd. insurance subsidiaries are , and likely will continue to be , subject to substantial Federal and state regulation , which has increased in recent years as a result of the deterioration of the housing and mortgage markets in the U.S. Increased Federal or state regulatory scrutiny could lead to new legal precedents , new regulations or new practices , or regulatory actions or investigations , which could adversely affect Essent Group Ltd. financial condition and operating results .
Andrew S. Marsh Andrew S. Marsh Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Entergy Arkansas , Inc.
Mr. Croatti had been UNIFIRST CORP Chief Executive Officer since 1991 and had been with UNIFIRST CORP since 1965 .
In February 2015 , Sempra Natural Gas , IEnova , and a subsidiary of PEMEX entered into a Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) to collaborate in the development of a natural gas liquefaction project at IEnova s existing regasification terminal at Energ a Costa Azul .
As of December 31 , 2016 , Fortress 's investments in and commitments to Fortress Investment Group LLC funds were $ 1.1 billion , consisting of the net asset value of Fortress 's investments in the Fortress Funds of $ 0.9 billion , and unfunded commitments to private equity funds and credit PE funds of $ 0.2 billion .
Although Avidal Group GmbH did not adhere to their order minimum for 2015 , InspireMD , Inc. did not terminate their right to be InspireMD , Inc. distributor of MGuard Prime EPS and CGuard EPS in Germany .
PART I Item 1 - Business VASCO Data Security International , Inc. was incorporated in the State of Delaware in 1997 and is the successor to VASCO Corp , a Delaware corporation .
MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY , LLC experienced non - cash contributions to MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY , LLC net income , but even after accounting for these , MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY , LLC operating activities provided cash for 2016 to fund MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY , LLC operations and mortgage investments .
Formation and Business of Versartis , Inc. Versartis , Inc. ( the Company ) was incorporated on December 10 , 2008 in the State of Delaware .
Ms. Hook also served in executive and special advisory roles at Time Warner , Inc , was legal adviser to the Chairman of the Federal Communications Commission , and was a senior attorney at Viacom International , Inc.
In connection with this Quarterly Report of Tel - Instrument Electronics Corp.   , on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I , Joseph P. Macaluso , Principal Financial Officer of TEL INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP , certify to the best of my knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
In June 2005 , IXYS Semiconductor GmbH , IXYS CORP /DE/ German subsidiary , borrowed 10.0 million , or about $ 12.2 million at the time , from IKB Deutsche Industriebank , or IKB .
Mr. Harper is a Chartered Professional Accountant Ontario , and a Certified Public Accountant , Illinois .
In connection with the Control Block Acquisition , James E. Besser was appointed president and a director and Morgan C. Frank was appointed the chief executive officer , chief financial officer , secretary , treasurer and a director of Modular Medical , Inc. and immediately following such appointments Wayne R. Bassham resigned as director and President , Derrick M. Albiston resigned as director and Vice President and Todd L. Albiston resigned as director , Secretary and Treasurer of the Company .
Since 1997 , Mr. Marshall has been the Managing General Partner of Selby Venture Partners , a venture capital firm .
In the normal course of business , Blackstone personnel make use of aircraft owned as personal assets by Stephen A. Schwarzman ; an aircraft owned jointly as a personal asset by Hamilton E. James , Blackstone s President and Chief Operating Officer , and Jonathan D. Gray , Blackstone s Global Head of Real Estate and a Director of Blackstone ; and an aircraft owned jointly as a personal asset by Bennett J. Goodman , Co - Founder of GSO Capital and a Director of Blackstone , and another senior managing director ( each such aircraft , Personal Aircraft ) .
Prior to joining DZS , Mr. Kim served as a consultant to DNI in connection with the Merger .
Cytosorbents Corp Common Stock closed as high as $ 14.99 and as low as $ 5.20 per share between January 1 , 2015 and December 31 , 2015 on The NASDAQ Capital Market .
GROUP 1 AUTOMOTIVE INC operations are primarily located in major metropolitan areas in Alabama , California , Florida , Georgia , Kansas , Louisiana , Maryland , Massachusetts , Mississippi , New Hampshire , New Jersey , Oklahoma , South Carolina , and Texas in the U.S , in 20 towns in the U.K , and in key metropolitan markets in the states of Sao Paulo , Parana , Mato Grosso do Sul and Santa Catarina in Brazil .
Ms. Lewnes joined Adobe in November 2006 and currently serves as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer .
Linn Energy , LLC ( LINN Energy ) , an independent oil and natural gas company that trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market ( NASDAQ ) under the symbol LINE , owns LinnCo s sole voting share .
Michael F. Neidorff Chairman , President and CEO .
Trade Accounts Receivable Purchase Programs Sale Programs KEY TRONIC CORP utilizes an Account Purchase Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank , N.A. ( WFB ) which allows KEY TRONIC CORP to sell and assign to WFB and WFB may purchase from KEY TRONIC CORP the accounts receivable of certain Company customers in a maximum aggregate amount outstanding of $ 20.0 million .
SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO expect a final decree to be released during the first quarter of 2017 and to be retroactive from November 2016 , which SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO do not expect to have a material impact on SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO results .
Ms. Carlise was appointed as Orbital Tracking Corp. Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and Treasurer on June 9 , 2015 .
SOUTHWEST BANCORP INC operate f SOUTHWEST BANCORP INC principal segments : Oklahoma Banking , Texas Banking , Kansas Banking , and Other Operations .
Our discussion and analysis of Zoned Properties , Inc. financial condition and results of operations are based upon Zoned Properties , Inc. audited and unaudited consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f ) or 15d-15(f ) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by , or under the supervision of , Plata Resources , Inc. 's principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by Plata Resources , Inc. 's board of directors , management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of Plata Resources , Inc. financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that : - Pertains to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect Plata Resources , Inc. transactions and disposition of assets ; - Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of Plata Resources , Inc. financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and receipts and expenditures are being made in accordance with authorizations of management and directors ; and - Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition , use or disposition of company assets that could have a material effect on Plata Resources , Inc. financial statements .
On November 26 , 2014 , a Writ of Summons was issued to two of SEI INVESTMENTS CO subsidiaries , SEI Investments - Global Fund Services Limited ( GFSL ) and SEI Investments - Trustee Custodial Services ( Ireland ) Limited ( T C ) , to appear before the Court of First Instance Antwerp , Belgium .
Berwyn Funding may terminate the committed facility agreement upon 270 days ' notice .
The action , Andrew Dennison v. China Commercial Credit , Inc , et al , Case No . 2:2014 - cv-04956 , alleges that China Commercial Credit Inc and its current and former officers and directors Huichun Qin , Long Yi , Jianming Yin , Jinggen Ling , Xiangdong Xiao , and John F. Levy violated the federal securities laws by misrepresenting in prior public filings certain material facts about the risks associated with its loan guarantee business .
Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , in 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , ICONIX BRAND GROUP , INC . incurred $ 100,000 per year in consulting fees in connection with a consulting arrangement with Mark Friedman , ICONIX BRAND GROUP , INC . Compensation Committee chairman , relating to the provision by Mr. Friedman of investor relations services .
a terrorist attack in the U.S. or in another country in which SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC operate ; .
Upon closing of the transactions contemplated under the share exchange agreement , the GTCL Shareholders transferred all of the issued and outstanding equity of GTCL to Orbital Tracking Corp. in exchange for ( i ) an aggregate of 2,540,000 shares of the common stock of Orbital Tracking Corp. and 8,746,000 shares of the newly issued Series E Preferred Stock of Orbital Tracking Corp. with each share of Series E Preferred Stock convertible into ten shares of common stock , ( ii ) a cash payment of $ 375,000 and ( iii ) a one - year promissory note .
Prior to joining Hearts Science in 2016 , Mr. Kagan served as the head of business and legal affairs and production , from November 2014 , of Ora Media L.L.C. ( Ora ) , owner of a television production studio and an on - demand digital television network funded by Am rica M vil , S.A.B , DE C.V. At Ora , Mr. Kagan oversaw a bicoastal production operation delivering television and digital content to a variety of national and international television channels .
As a result of the change in fiscal year - end , the consolidated financial statements include MARCUS CORP s financial results for the 31 week transition period from May 29 , 2015 to December 31 , 2015 , which will be referred to in this Transition Report as the Transition Period .
Therefore , DiamondRock Hospitality Co lease each of DiamondRock Hospitality Co hotel properties to a wholly owned subsidiary of Bloodstone TRS , Inc , DiamondRock Hospitality Co primary taxable REIT subsidiary , or TRS , except for the Frenchman s Reef Morning Star Marriott Beach Resort , which is owned by a Virgin Islands .
Viking Therapeutics , Inc. amended and restated bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by Viking Therapeutics , Inc. stoc kholders , which could limit Viking Therapeutics , Inc. stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or Viking Therapeutics , Inc. directors , officers or other employees .
In May 2015 , LSB INDUSTRIES INC subsidiary , EDC , was sued in the matter styled BAE Systems Ordinance Systems , Inc. ( BAE ) , et al . vs. El Dorado Chemical Company , in the United States District Court , Western District of Arkansas , for an alleged breach of a supply agreement to provide BAE certain products .
PROTEON THERAPEUTICS INC are highly dependent on PROTEON THERAPEUTICS INC senior management team , in particular , Timothy Noyes , PROTEON THERAPEUTICS INC President and Chief Executive Officer , Steven Burke , PROTEON THERAPEUTICS INC Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer , George Eldridge , PROTEON THERAPEUTICS INC Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Assistant Secretary , Scott Toner , PROTEON THERAPEUTICS INC Senior Vice President of Marketing , and Daniel Gottlieb , PROTEON THERAPEUTICS INC Vice President , Corporate Development , as well as the other principal members of PROTEON THERAPEUTICS INC management and scientific teams .
If the distribution and certain related transactions fail to qualify under applicable Internal Revenue Code provisions , Grace , GCP Applied Technologies Inc. and Grace shareholders could be subject to significant tax liabilities and , in certain circumstances , GCP Applied Technologies Inc. could be required to indemnify Grace for material taxes and other related amounts pursuant to indemnification obligations under the Tax Sharing Agreement .
Effective September 21 , 2012 , Wowio , Inc. entered into a credit agreement ( Revolving Loan ) with TCA Global Credit Master Fund , LP ( TCA ) , which provided Wowio , Inc. with an initial revolving loan commitment of $ 250,000 .
Special Equity Awards to Ms. Brown In connection with the commencement of her employment with Grace as Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer
James A. Bell James A. Bell Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer ) .
For further information , see Note 9 , Debt , to Medidata Solutions , Inc. consolidated financial statements included in Item 15 of this Annual Report on Form 10 - K. Critical Accounting Estimates Medidata Solutions , Inc. financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America , which require us to make estimates and assumptions about certain items and future events .
Brian L. Klemsz , President , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer and Director ( Principal Executive , Accounting and Financial Officer ) .
However , Granite Falls Energy , LLC anticipate that Granite Falls Energy , LLC products will primarily be sold in the United States .
U.S. and global political , credit and financial market conditions may negatively impact or impair the value of AEROHIVE NETWORKS , INC current portfolio of cash , cash equivalents and short - term investments , including U.S. treasury securities and U.S.-backed investment vehicles .
Costs associated with generating Neff Corp parts and service revenues decreased 7.1 % to $ 7.6 million for the year ended December 31 , 2015 from $ 8.2 million for the year ended December 31 , 2014 due primarily to decreased fuel costs .
Net cash used in investing activities was $ 1.8 million in the six months ended June 30 , 2016 which primarily related to a $ 0.4 million investment in GoMoto and purchases of property and equipment and expenditures related to capitalized internal use software of $ 1.5 million .
As of September 30 , 2017 , URBAN ONE , INC . owned and/or operated 56 broadcast stations located in 15 urban markets in the United States .
On April 30 , 2015 , Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement to sell Canna - Life Corporation ( the CL Agreement ) to Evolution Equities Corporation and Alan Smith ( Purchasers ) .
River Oaks , Inc. Incorporated State : Louisiana Business Name : River Oaks Hospital Riveredge Hospital Holdings , Inc. Incorporated State : Delaware Riveredge Hospital , Inc. Incorporated State : Illinois Business Name : Riveredge Hospital Riveredge Real Estate , Inc. Incorporated State : Illinois Rolling Hills Hospital , LLC Incorporated State : Tennessee Business Name : Rolling Hills Hospital RR Behavioral Realty LLC Incorporated State : Delaware RR Recovery LLC Incorporated State : Delaware Business Name : The Recovery Center Safe Spaces Limited Incorporated State : United Kingdom Salt Lake Behavioral Health , LLC Incorporated State : Delaware Business Name : Salt Lake Behavioral Health Salt Lake Psychiatric Realty , LLC Incorporated State : Delaware Samson Properties , LLC Incorporated State : Florida Schick Shadel of Florida , LLC Incorporated State : Florida Shadow Mountain Behavioral Health System , LLC Incorporated State : Delaware Business Name : Shadow Mountain Behavioral Health System Incorporated State : Texas Business Name : Kingwood Pines Hospital Short Ground Limited Incorporated State : United Kingdom Somerset , Incorporated Incorporated State : California South Texas ACO Clinical Partners , LLC Incorporated State : Texas Southeastern Hospital Corporation Incorporated State : Tennessee Southern California Physician Network , Inc. Incorporated State : California .
Mr. Warren has also served as President , Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and as a director of Antero since May 2004 and of its predecessor company from its founding in 2002 to its ultimate sale to XTO Energy , Inc. in April 2005 .
In the original filing of the Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , WALTER INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT CORP concluded at December 31 , 2016 that there was a material weakness in internal controls over financial reporting related to operational processes associated with Ditech Financial default servicing activities .
Mr. Sabec is an experienced entertainment industry executive , entrepreneur and attorney with more than 26 years of business management experience , 22 years of global entertainment industry experience , and 16 years digital media experience .
Robert J. Durian Robert J. Durian Vice President , Chief Accounting Officer and Controller .
Mr. Hamrick served as chairman of Mezzanine Capital Corporation , as a member of the Fiduciary Funds investment committee and as chairman of the General Partner of the Fiduciary Funds manager until 1994 .
On July 9 , 2015 Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. board of directors approved a settlement agreement dated June 25 , 2015 among Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company , JDF Capital Inc , and Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. wholly owned subsidiary , Alta Disposal Ltd.
Interactive Brokers Canada Inc. ( " IBC " ) ; Interactive Brokers ( U.K. ) Limited and its subsidiary , Interactive Brokers ( U.K. ) Nominee Limited ( collectively , " IBUK " ) ; Interactive Brokers Securities Japan , Inc. ( " IBSJ " ) ; Interactive Brokers Hong Kong Limited ( " IBHK " ) ; Interactive Brokers ( India ) Private Limited ( " IBI " ) ; Interactive Brokers Australia Pty Limited and its subsidiary , Interactive Brokers Australia Nominees Pty Limited ( collectively , " IBA " ) ; Timber Hill LLC ( " TH LLC " ) ; Timber Hill Europe AG and its subsidiary , Timber Hill ( Liechtenstein ) AG ( collectively , " THE " ) ; Timber Hill Australia Pty Limited ( " THA " ) ; Timber Hill Canada Company ( " THC " ) ; Interactive Brokers Financial Products S.A. ( " IBFP " ) ; Interactive Brokers Hungary KFT ( " IBH " ) ; Interactive Brokers Software Services Estonia OU ( " IBEST " ) ; Interactive Brokers Software Services Russia ( " IBRUS " ) ; and IB Exchange Corp. ( " IBEC " ) and its subsidiaries , Interactive Brokers Corp. ( " IB Corp " ) , and Covestor , Inc. and its subsidiary , Covestor Limited ( collectively , " Covestor " ) .
Mr. Abajian has a BS in Business Administration from Fairleigh Dickinson University and is well known and respected in the jewelry industry .
On December 10 , 2013 , the litigation was severed into two consolidated actions , Mirror Worlds v. Apple , Inc.
Restructuring charges for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2016 were also associated with the relocation of OLIN CORP Winchester centerfire ammunition manufacturing operations from East Alton , IL to Oxford , MS which was completed in 2016 .
The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Nexeon MedSystems Inc and its wholly - owned subsidiaries NXPROC , Nexeon Europe and Pulsus Medical , LLC as of June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 and for the three month periods ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
In connection with the Report of FullCircle Registry , Inc , ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , James Leigh Friedman , Chief Executive Officer of FULLCIRCLE REGISTRY INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Frank Holmes , CEO , serves as a director of the offshore clients .
FIRST US BANCSHARES INC hereby consent to the incorporation by reference of FIRST US BANCSHARES INC report dated March 15 , 2017 , relating to FIRST US BANCSHARES INC audit of the First US Bancshares , Inc. and subsidiaries ( the Company ) consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10 - K , in FIRST US BANCSHARES
Related to this Umpqua Loan , VISUALANT INC entered into a demand promissory note for $ 200,000 on January 10 , 2014 with an entity affiliated with Ronald P. Erickson , VISUALANT INC Chief Executive Officer .
Amendment No . 1 dated June 2 , 2016 to the Asset Purchase Agreement by and between Nukkleus Inc , its majority shareholder Charms Investments Ltd , and its wholly - owned subsidiary , Nukkleus Limited and Currency Mountain Holdings Bermuda , Limited.(2 ) .
ASB Bancorp Inc use borrowings from the FHLB of Atlanta , federal funds purchased and other short - term borrowings to supplement ASB Bancorp Inc supply of funds for loans and investments and for interest rate risk management , which are summarized in the following table .
General and administrative expenses increased primarily due to $ 192 million of expense related to the Visa Inc. shares held by Visa Europe that were received by the newly - formed Visa Foundation , and increased expenses to provide product benefits to VISA INC . account holders as a result of business growth .
Additionally , Evolent Health , Inc. professional fees , technology costs , lease costs and other costs related to Evolent Health , Inc. growth increased $ 6.2 million , $ 4.8 million , $ 4.3 million and $ 4.3 million , respectively , period over period , primarily as a result of the 2016 business combinations mentioned above .
On June 16 , 2017 Brian Keasberry resigned as President of BRK , Inc , continued as the Secretary and Treasurer and was designed the Series A Director .
RJTCF typically sells investments in Project Partnerships to LIHTC Funds within 90 days of their acquisition , and the proceeds from the sales are used to repay RJTCF s borrowings from RJF .
Mark L. Abbate Executive Vice President , Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
On January 28 , 2016 , Vertex Energy Inc. entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement ( the Sale Agreement ) with Bango Oil , LLC ( Bango Oil ) and Safety - Kleen Systems Inc. ( Safety - Kleen ) pursuant to which Vertex Energy Inc. agreed to sell to Safety - Kleen the used oil re - refining plant on approximately 40 acres in Churchill County , Nevada ( the Bango Plant ) , which Vertex Energy Inc. previously rented , and all equipment , tools and other tangible personal property located at the Bango Plant , which relate to or are used in connection with the operations of the Bango Plant ( collectively , the Bango Assets ) for an aggregate purchase price of $ 35 million .
In October 2014 , the Illinois Attorney General s Office ( ILAG ) sent a letter to ORION FUTURES FUND LP alleging that ORION FUTURES FUND LP knowingly made misrepresentations related to RMBS purchased by certain pension funds affiliated with the State of Illinois and demanding that ORION FUTURES FUND LP pay ILAG approximately $ 88 million .
In July 2006 , ePixis entered into a license agreement ( the ePixis License Agreement ) with UPMC , INSERM and L cole Normale Sup rieure de Lyon ( collectively the Licensor ) pursuant to which the Licensor granted to ePixis an exclusive license ( with the right to sublicense with written consent from UPMC ) to exploit the UPMC Patents for the purpose of developing , promoting and marketing products within the United States , Japan , Canada , and Europe until the invalidation of the last of the UPMC Patents , including any supplementary protection certificates .
TWITTER , INC . may not be able to monetize TWITTER , INC . products and services internationally as effectively as in the United States as a result of competition , advertiser demand , differences in the digital advertising market and digital advertising conventions , as well as differences in the way that users in different countries access or utilize TWITTER , INC . products and services .
Jeffrey T. Siegal Jeffrey T. Siegal Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer . Exhibit .
NVHomes operates in Delaware and the Washington , D.C , Baltimore , MD , Philadelphia , PA and Raleigh , NC metropolitan areas .
Other companies and government agencies have in the past and may in the future allege that PayPal Holdings , Inc. actions violate the antitrust or competition laws of the U.S , individual states , other countries , or the European Commission , or otherwise constitute unfair competition .
The chart below summarizes the origination , investment management and value creation strategy that Mr. Ross , WL Ross Holding Corp. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , has developed for WL Ross , an affiliate of
CLEARONE INC forecasted effective tax rate could fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis and could change , to the extent that earnings in countries with tax rates that differ from that of the U.S. differ from amounts anticipated at September 30 , 2017 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of General Cannabis Corporation , ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Robert Frichtel , GENERAL CANNABIS CORP s Principal Executive Officer , and Shelly Whitson , GENERAL CANNABIS CORP s Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of their knowledge : .
Prior to joining Ross , Mr. Fassio held various retail and real estate positions with Safeway Stores ,
Mr. King joined Waters in 1982 and previously served as Vice President , Separations Technologies and Vice President and General Manager of Consumable Division , as well as a variety of scientific and management positions in Waters Corporation s international subsidiaries .
In 2002 , Dr. Samuel D. Waksal was charged by the SEC with violating the federal securities laws in connection with trades made in the shares of ImClone Systems , where he served as president , chief executive officer and director .
The complaint alleges that a variety of MICRON TECHNOLOGY INC DRAM products infringe two U.S. patents and seeks damages , injunctive relief , and other unspecified relief .
Prior to Track Group , Mr. Peterson was a co - owner of a stock brokerage firm in Utah , where his roles included broker , market maker , communications officer , while holding numerous FINRA security licenses .
If Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. fails to deliver to the Holder such shares via DWAC or a certificate or certificates pursuant to this Section hereunder by the Delivery Date , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. shall pay to such Holder , in cash , an amount per Trading Day for each Trading Day until such shares are delivered via DWAC or certificates are delivered , together with interest on such amount at a rate of l 0 % per annum , accruing until such amount and any accrued interest thereon is paid in full , equal to the greater of ( A ) ( i ) 1 % of the aggregate principal amount of the Note requested to be converted for the first five ( 5 ) Trading Days after the Delivery Date and ( ii ) 2 % of the aggregate principal amount of the Note requested to be converted for each Trading Day thereafter and ( B ) $ 2,000 per day ( which amount shall be paid as liquidated damages and not as a penalty ) .
To date Cell MedX Corp. have been able to generate only minimal revenue from the operations of Cell MedX Corp. wholly owned subsidiary , Avyonce , which Cell MedX Corp. divested in January 2017 .
In March 2012 , Nabors Global Holdings II Limited ( NGH2L ) signed an agreement with ERG Resources , LLC ( ERG ) relating to the sale of all of the Class A shares of NGH2L s wholly owned subsidiary , Ramshorn International Limited , an oil and gas exploration company ( Ramshorn ) ( the ERG Agreement ) .
On June 15 , 2017 , Optex Systems Holdings Inc issued 50,000 RSUs to its Applied Optics Center General Manager and new board member , Bill Bates .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Asia Properties , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending March 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Chen Junyan , President and Chief Executive Officer of ASIA PROPERTIES INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
During the third quarter , the hurricanes in Texas and Florida had a negative impact on sales of Alliqua BioMedical , Inc. biologics products .
Finally , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . working capital also increased due to a $ 1,667,000 decrease in the current portion of long - term debt which was paid off during 2015 from a portion of the proceeds received on the 5.50 % Senior Notes arising in 2015 and POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . cash on hand increased by $ 1,884,000 year over year .
Essent Group Ltd. also offer mortgage - related insurance and reinsurance through Essent Group Ltd. wholly - owned Bermuda - based subsidiary , Essent Reinsurance Ltd , which Essent Group Ltd. refer to as " Essent Re . "
Income Taxes , Tax Contingencies MONEYGRAM INTERNATIONAL INC are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and various foreign jurisdictions .
( 11 ) Income Taxes For the three months ended December 31 , 2016 , HRG GROUP , INC . s effective tax rate of 92.7 % differed from the expected U.S. statutory tax rate of 35.0 % and was primarily impacted by U.S. pretax losses in HRG GROUP , INC . s Corporate and Other segment where the tax benefits are not more - likely - than - not to be realized resulting in the recording of valuation allowance .
The material terms of the Revolver Note are set forth in Cannae Holdings , Inc. audited Combined Financial Statements for the year ended December 31 , 2016 included in Cannae Holdings ,
Section 16(a ) of the Exchange Act requires ACTIVECARE , INC . officers , directors , and persons who beneficially own more than 10 percent of ACTIVECARE , INC . common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC .
Reimbursement Agreements Revlon , Inc , Products Corporation and MacAndrews Forbes Inc. ( a wholly - owned subsidiary of MacAndrews Forbes ) have entered into reimbursement agreements ( the " Reimbursement Agreements " ) pursuant to which : ( i ) MacAndrews Forbes Inc. is obligated to provide ( directly or through its affiliates ) certain professional and administrative services , including , without limitation , employees , to REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP , and to purchase services from third party providers , such as insurance , legal , accounting and air transportation services , on behalf of REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP , to the extent requested by Products Corporation ; and ( ii ) Products Corporation is obligated to provide certain professional and administrative services , including , without limitation , employees , to MacAndrews Forbes and to purchase services from third party providers , such as insurance , legal and accounting services , on behalf of MacAndrews Forbes , to the extent requested by MacAndrews Forbes , provided that in each case the performance of such services does not cause an unreasonable burden to MacAndrews Forbes or Products Corporation , as the case may be .
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS In May 2013 , Orexigen Therapeutics , Inc. received a shareholder demand alleging that certain option grants to the President and Chief Executive Officer , Michael A. Narachi , the then - current Chief Business Officer and acting - Chief Financial Officer , Joseph P. Hagan , and the then - current Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary , Heather D. Turner , in 2011 were granted in excess of the 1,500,000 share limit set forth in Section 3.3 of the Orexigen Therapeutics , Inc. 2007
On March 29 , 2017 , Harrison G. Wehner became ABEONA THERAPEUTICS INC . Executive Vice President , Plasma and resigned as ABEONA THERAPEUTICS INC . Chief Financial Officer .
As a result , Huntsman could deliver greater value to the Clariant shareholders than had been anticipated by Huntsman should the value of the shares of HUNTSMAN INTERNATIONAL LLC common stock increase relative to the value of Clariant shares from the date of the execution of the Merger Agreement .
BTO shall mean ( i ) the investment funds , vehicles and/or managed accounts managed on a day - to - day basis primarily by personnel in the Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Program ( including , without limitation , Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund L.P. and Blackstone Tactical Opportunities Fund II L.P , each a Delaware limited .
Dr. Rafaeli resigned as Chief Executive Officer , and Mr. McGrath resigned as President and Chief Operating Officer , of the Company ; following such resignation both employees assumed other positions within PHOTOMEDEX INC . and their employment terms were remained unchanged .
If the performance of the MRS technology does not meet CYBEROPTICS CORP expectations , if the products CYBEROPTICS CORP have introduced or are about to introduce based upon the MRS technology do not operate up to specifications , if the market otherwise does not find this technology attractive , or if CYBEROPTICS CORP are unable to efficiently identify new customers and new applications for this technology given CYBEROPTICS CORP current sales channels , CYBEROPTICS CORP operating results for 2016 , and CYBEROPTICS CORP expectations for longer term growth in revenue , would be materially adversely affected .
MHC Inc , MidAmerican Funding and BHE are also headquartered in Des Moines , Iowa .
Accordingly , the following shares of Heritage Global Inc. s common stock shall be issued to the shareholders of Medcross Securities Inc. : .
Certain of SPARTON CORP U.S. government contracts require SPARTON CORP employees to maintain various levels of security clearances and SPARTON CORP are required to maintain certain facility security clearances complying with U.S. government requirements .
Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd. recorded a tax provision for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 for the U.S. federal and state income taxes of BPI s profitable operations in the United States during that period and due to the fact that , as of December 31 , 2016 , Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd. fully utilized BPI s remaining U.S. net operating loss carryforwards .
Prior to such time Mr. Nemser served as Partner at the law firms of Swidler Berlin Shereff Friedman , LLP from 1995 to December 2004 and Cadwalader , Wickersham Taft LLP prior to 1995 .
ImmunoCellular Therapeutics , Ltd. early adopted this ASU as of 2016 , which has not had a material impact on ImmunoCellular Therapeutics , Ltd. s consolidated results of operations , financial condition or liquidity .
Intellectual Property As of December 31 , 2016 , Intersect ENT , Inc. owned 77 issued patents globally , of which 30 were issued U.S. patents , and Intersect ENT , Inc. owned 37 pending patent applications globally , of which 13 were pending patent applications in the United States .
Todd Peterson , CPA , has been the chief financial officer of Digipath since June 19 , 2015 .
On September 15 , 2017 Zander issued 200 of its Series AA Preferred Shares to David Koos , Zander s Chief Executive Officer , for Services .
In April 2014 , in connection with the closing of Everyday Health , Inc. s IPO , Everyday Health , Inc. filed an amended and restated certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware that amended and restated in its entirety Everyday Health , Inc. s certificate of incorporation to , among other things , increase the total number of shares of Everyday Health , Inc. s common stock that Everyday Health , Inc. is authorized to issue to 90,000,000 , eliminate all references to the various series of preferred stock that were previously authorized ( including certain protective measures held by the various series of preferred stock ) , and to authorize up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock that may be issued from time to time with terms to be set by Everyday Health , Inc. s Board of Directors , which rights could be senior to those of Everyday Health , Inc. s common stock .
MAM SOFTWARE GROUP , INC . are headquartered in Blue Bell , Pennsylvania and maintain additional offices for MAM SOFTWARE GROUP , INC . NA Market operations in Allentown , Pennsylvania , and for MAM SOFTWARE GROUP , INC . UK Market operations , in Tankersley , Northampton , Wareham and Bristol , UK .
CEO Succession Effective October 1 , 2015 , Steven Bromley resigned as the Company s Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and was succeeded by Hendrik Jacobs .
H. Craig Moody has served as a director of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP since 1995 .
The consummation of the Business Combination was preceded by a series of privately negotiated transactions , referred to collectively herein as the Financing , involving aggregate cash investments of $ 10.5 million by three outside investor entities ( or affiliates thereof ) that had not previously invested in Chart or Tempus ( the New Investors ) , aggregate cash investments of $ 5.0 million by the Sponsor , Mr. Joseph Wright and Cowen ( collectively , the Chart Affiliate Investors ) and a cash investment of $ 500,000 by the former Chief Financial Officer of Tempus ( through his individual retirement account ) ( the Tempus Affiliate Investor all together with the Chart Affiliate Investors , the Affiliate Investors , and together with the New Investors , the Investors ) .
SELECT MEDICAL CORP s results of operations for the three months ended September 30 , 2016 and for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 include Physiotherapy for the entire period .
After an evaluation of the realizability of ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. s deferred tax assets , ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. decreased its valuation allowance by $ 7.7 million during 2015 .
However , due to TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC financial results for the period ended December 31 , 2015 , and the other regulatory and other matters discussed herein , management continues to assess a number of factors including liquidity , capital , and profitability that affect TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC ability to continue as a going concern .
SEARS HOLDINGS CORP depend on the contributions of key personnel , including Edward S. Lampert , SEARS HOLDINGS CORP Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , and other key employees , for SEARS HOLDINGS CORP future success .
Despite YuMe Inc international operations , YuMe Inc have a limited sales operations history as a company outside the United States , and YuMe Inc ability to manage YuMe Inc business and conduct YuMe Inc operations internationally requires considerable management attention and resources and is subject to the challenges of multiple cultures , customs , legal systems , alternative dispute systems , regulatory systems and commercial infrastructures .
The maturity date of the DIP Facility is expected to be the earliest to occur of six months from the effective date of a plan of reorganization or liquidation in the Chapter 11 cases , the consummation of a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of SWIFT ENERGY CO and its subsidiaries pursuant to Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code , or the date of termination of the DIP Lenders commitment amounts pursuant to an event of default under the DIP Credit Agreement .
During the year ended March 31 , 2017 , MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INC settled open tax positions related to the examination of fiscal years 2012 and 2011 by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) , fiscal years 2013 , 2012 , 2011 and 2010 by the German tax authorities , and fiscal years 2014 , 2013 and 2012 by the French tax authorities .
Although future additions to the AVR will reduce the future statutory capital and surplus of Athene Holding Ltd U.S. insurance subsidiaries , Athene Holding Ltd do not believe that the impact under current regulations of such reserve requirements will materially affect Athene Holding Ltd U.S. insurance subsidiaries .
State Bank is located in Nevada , Iowa with a population of 6,779 .
The lawsuit stems from Monaker Group , Inc. s announcement in June 2016 that it would have to restate its financial statements due to issues related to Monaker Group , Inc. s investment in RealBiz .
Additionally , certain of KEMET CORP non - U.S. subsidiaries make sales denominated in U.S. dollars which expose them to foreign currency transaction gains and losses .
U.S. Operations Cost of sales for SUPERIOR INDUSTRIES INTERNATIONAL INC U.S. operations decreased by $ 82.4 million , or 31 percent , in 2015 , when compared to 2014 .
Under the New Purchase Agreement , LPC is obligated , under certain conditions , to purchase from Cytosorbents Corp up to $ 8.5 million of Cytosorbents Corp Common Stock , from time to time over a thirty - two ( 32 ) month ) period .
Mr. Jacobs served as the Chief Financial Officer of Chem Rx from June 2008 until March 2011 .
Because of The Goldman Sachs Group , Inc. 's status as a bank holding company , Essent Group Ltd. have agreed to certain restrictions on Essent Group Ltd. activities imposed by The Goldman Sachs Group , Inc. that are intended to facilitate its compliance with the BHC Act .
In March 2014 , PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES CO completed the sale of its majority interest in Sendero Drilling Company , LLC ( " Sendero " ) to Sendero 's minority interest owner for cash proceeds of $ 31 million .
ROBERT B. WORLEY , JR , age 56 , has served as Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Counsel since his appointment in 2011 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of LegacyTexas Financial Group , Inc. on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , LegacyTexas Financial Group , Inc , Kevin J. Hanigan , President and Chief Executive Officer of LegacyTexas Financial Group , Inc , and J. Mays Davenport , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of LegacyTexas Financial Group , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
To the extent SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO have excess cash in foreign locations that could be used in , or is needed by , SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO United States operations , SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO may incur significant U.S. and foreign taxes to repatriate these funds .
As of September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , FIRST BUSINESS FINANCIAL SERVICES , INC . overall securities portfolio , including available - for - sale securities and held - to - maturity securities , had an estimated weighted average expected maturity of 3.47 and 3.30 years , respectively .
Based upon recent regulatory activity related to imposition of restrictions and limitations on the sale of hemp - based health products for pets , PEAK PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . elected to terminate PEAK PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . license agreement with the Licensor , effective as of October 1 , 2015 , and to cease all operations relating to sale of hemp - based products for pets .
The following discussion and analysis relates to items that have affected Carbon Natural Gas Co results of operations for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
Mr. Dhanani served as Telenav , Inc. executive director of marketing from March 2009 to July 2009 and as Telenav , Inc. senior director of marketing from November 1999 to February 2009 .
For the years ended December 31 , 2015 , and 2014 , Exelon and Generation incurred $ 5 million and $ 7 million , respectively , of merger and integration related costs which are included within Operating and maintenance expense in Exelon s and Generation s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income .
During the year ended December 31 , 2016 , QUANTRX BIOMEDICAL CORP . recorded a loss of $ 30,051 as an impairment on the value of its common stock investment in GUSA .
FDA or other U.S. or foreign regulatory actions affecting us or Mirna Therapeutics , Inc. industry ; .
With respect to Castle Brands Inc consolidated financial statements , the translation from the applicable foreign currencies to U.S. Dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period .
In February 2017 , PROLUNG INC entered into a consulting agreement with Dr. Robin Smith , who is a director of the Company .
for the quarterly period ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Triton Pacific Investment Corporation , Inc , Craig J. Faggen and Michael L. Carroll , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer , respectively , of Triton Pacific Investment Corporation , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to Triton Pacific Investment Corporation , Inc. knowledge : .
Dream Homes Development Corporation ( DHDC ) was originally formed as a Nevada corporation on January 6 , 2009 , under the name of Virtual Learning Center Inc.
Prior to June 28 , 2013 , Morgan Stanley indirectly owned a majority equity interest in MSSB Holdings , and Citigroup Inc. indirectly owned a minority equity interest in MSSB Holdings .
Currently , TAXUS PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDINGS , INC . primary source of outside funding is the support from TAXUS PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDINGS , INC . officer and shareholder Jiayue Zhang .
In addition , patent applications in the U.S. and foreign countries are confidential until the Patent and Trademark Office either publishes the application or issues a patent ( whichever arises first ) and , accordingly , Hughes Satellite Systems Corp products may infringe claims contained in pending patent applications of which Hughes Satellite Systems Corp are not aware .
Same store at - need revenue , which represents approximately 45.0 % of CARRIAGE SERVICES INC same store operating revenues , increased $ 0.2 million , or 4.4 % , due primarily to a 7.9 % increase in the average sale per contract to $ 1,562 .
The following table summarizes CHIMERIX INC results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and December 31 , 2014 , together with the changes in those items in dollars and percentage ( in thousands , except percentages ): .
On July 28 , 2015 a putative class action complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois , captioned Linda J. Rossbach v. Vasco Data Security International , Inc , et al , case number 1:15 - cv-06605 , naming VASCO and certain of its current executive officers as defendants and alleging violations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended .
At December 31 , 2015 , the Bancorp owned $ 3.00 million of stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis ( FHLBI ) and had outstanding borrowings of $ 39.1 million from the FHLBI .
On August 15 , 2005 , GGM entered into a joint venture agreement with Iberian Resources Limited s subsidiary , Caucusus Resources Ltd. ( CR ) to form the Aigedzor Mining Company , LLC ( " AMC " ) on an 80 % CR , 20 % GGM basis in anticipation of jointly acquiring and developing ( a ) for the Lichkvadz - Tei and Terterasar mining properties as well as the associated plant and assets in southern Armenia through the Armenian limited liability company Sipan 1 , LLC ( " Sipan 1 " ) which is the licensee ; and ( b ) mineral exploration and related properties within a 20 kilometer radius of the southern Armenian town of Aigedzor .
BIOGEN INC . recognize BIOGEN INC . share of the results of operations related to BIOGEN INC . investment in Samsung Bioepis one quarter in arrears when the results of the entity become available , which is reflected as equity in loss of investee , net of tax in BIOGEN INC . condensed consolidated statements of income .
From May 2014 to February 2015 , Mr. Pfenniger served as Interim Chief Executive Officer of IntegraMed America , Inc , an operator of the largest U.S. network of fertility centers .
On March 31 , 2017 , Dr. Michael Sinclair and Dr. Roger Crystal , OPIANT PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . s Chief Executive Officer , each voluntarily entered into separate employment agreement acknowledgements whereby they elected to forfeit , unconditionally and irrevocably , $ 175,498 and $ 586,328 , respectively , of certain owed amounts pursuant to their respective existing employment agreements , representing 35 % of the total compensation currently owed to each of Dr. Sinclair and Dr. Crystal on such date .
The actions were captioned Grotewiel v. Avinger , Inc , et al , No . 17 - CIV-02240 , Gonzalez v. Avinger , Inc , et al , No . 17 - CIV-02284 , and Olberding v. Avinger , Inc , et al , No . 17 - CIV-02307 .
On February 11 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into exchange agreements with each of Sandor Capital Master Fund LP and Point Capital , Inc , a holder of 5 % or more of Orbital Tracking Corp. securities at that time .
If the current ownership structure of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . and its contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their equity holders were found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . 's ability to conduct its business could be impacted and YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . may be required to restructure its ownership structure and operations in the PRC to comply with the changes in the PRC laws which may result in deconsolidation of the VIEs .
Group operating income of $ 49 million and $ 85 million for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 , respectively , and an improvement of the Braves Group operating loss of $ 10 million for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 .
In addition , LINN Energy has agreed to indemnify LinnCo and its officers and directors for damages suffered or costs incurred ( other than income taxes payable by LinnCo ) in connection with carrying out LinnCo s activities .
The six months ended December 31 , 2015 reflects PERRIGO Co plc financial results from June 28 , 2015 through December 31 , 2015 , and the six months ended December 27 , 2014 reflects PERRIGO Co plc financial results from June 29 , 2014 through December 27 , 2014 .
Segment Operating Results Three Months Ended April 30 , 2017 and 2016 Water Resources .
In the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 , GLU MOBILE INC used $ 13.7 million of cash for investing activities primarily related to investments in Plain Vanilla and Dairy Free of $ 9.5 million in the aggregate , purchases of intangible assets of $ 2.5 million , property and equipment purchases of $ 1.7 million , and net cash paid for acquisitions of $ 358,000 .
As a result of the share exchange , Almost Never Films Inc. ( Indiana ) became Smack s wholly - owned subsidiary , and Mr. Chan and Mr. Williams acquired a controlling interest in Almost Never Films Inc.
FCCL At March 31 , 2017 , the carrying value of CONOCOPHILLIPS equity method investment in FCCL Partnership was $ 9,006 million , net of a $ 1,604 million reduction due to cumulative foreign currency translation effects .
As of January 2 , 2016 , BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC operated 329 company - owned retail stores in the United States , Canada , the United Kingdom , Ireland and Denmark , including 269 Build - A - Bear Workshop stores in the United States and Canada and 60 Build - A - Bear Workshop stores in the United Kingdom , Ireland and Denmark .
In March 2009 , LIQUIDMETAL TECHNOLOGIES INC entered into a license agreement with S watch Group , Ltd. ( Swatch ) under which Swatch was granted a non - exclusive license to
Non - GAAP Measures To supplement Staffing 360 Solutions , Inc. consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) , Staffing 360 Solutions , Inc. also use non - GAAP financial measures and Key Performance Indicators ( KPIs ) in addition to Staffing 360 Solutions , Inc. GAAP results .
If FTI CONSULTING INC are not able to quickly adapt to or effectively manage FTI CONSULTING INC operations in geographic markets outside of the U.S , FTI CONSULTING INC business prospects and results of operations could be negatively impacted .
Human Health segment s gross profit of $ 31,124 for the six months ended December 31 , 2016 decreased $ 10,923 , or 26.0 % , over the prior period .
Mr. Abraham Biderman was employed until September 30 , 2003 by MPHASE TECHNOLOGIES INC former investment - banking firm Lipper Company .
In addition , Carlyle Group L.P. operating results could be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors due to a number of potential factors , including variations in Carlyle Group L.P. quarterly operating results or distributions to unitholders , additions or departures of key management personnel , failure to meet analysts earnings estimates , publication of research reports about Carlyle Group L.P. industry , litigation and government investigations , changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations or differing interpretations or enforcement thereof affecting Carlyle Group L.P. business , adverse market reaction to any indebtedness Carlyle Group L.P. may incur or securities Carlyle Group L.P. may issue in the future , changes in market valuations of similar companies or speculation in the press or investment community , announcements by Carlyle Group L.P. competitors of significant contracts , acquisitions , dispositions , strategic partnerships , joint ventures or capital commitments , adverse publicity about the industries in which Carlyle Group L.P. participate or individual scandals , and in response the market price of Carlyle Group L.P. common units could decrease significantly .
From April 1999 to September 2001 , Dr. Lee served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Timing Division at Cypress Semiconductor Corp , a public semiconductor company , and from May 1992 to March 1999 served as President and Chief Executive Officer of IC Works , Inc , a semiconductor company he co - founded that was acquired by Cypress in 2001 .
Mr. Fink currently serves as a Senior Vice President at Anadarko .
The discussion and analysis of MANTECH INTERNATIONAL CORP financial condition and results of operations are based on MANTECH INTERNATIONAL CORP condensed consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) .
The FDA has agreed to review ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC planned protocol amendment , and ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC expect to continue ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC discussions with the FDA regarding ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC . development program for rocapuldencel - T. If ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC agree with the FDA on an amended protocol that increases the pre - specified number of events for the primary analysis , the SPA for the ADAPT trial would no longer be in effect .
The preparation of Ominto , Inc. consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America required management to make estimates , judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of the assets and liabilities , disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities , deferred liabilities and accruals for incentive awards at the date of the consolidated financial statements , and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods .
The decrease in SEI INVESTMENTS CO tax rate was primarily due to a one - time reduction resulting from a favorable settlement of a tax petition filed with the State of Pennsylvania relating to the apportionment methodology of net income for prior years .
The non - cash charges primarily consisted of stock - based compensation of $ 0.8 million , compensation expense related to vesting of common stock issued to GLOBALFOUNDRIES under EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC joint development agreement of $ 0.7 million , depreciation and amortization of $ 0.5 million , loss on extinguishment of debt of $ 0.2 million , and interest expense related to the amortization of debt issuance costs of $ 0.1 million .
SkyWest Airlines operations are conducted principally from airports located in Chicago ( O Hare ) , Denver , Los Angeles , Houston , Minneapolis , Portland , Seattle , Phoenix , San Francisco and Salt Lake City .
John V. Winfield serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of PORTSMOUTH SQUARE INC , Santa Fe , and InterGroup .
Mr. Manning also has served as a director of Antero since 2005 .
In VALERO ENERGY CORP / TX Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , VALERO ENERGY CORP / TX reported that certain of VALERO ENERGY CORP / TX refineries had received one or more letters or demands from the Department of Justice ( DOJ ) , on behalf of the U.S. EPA , concerning proposed stipulated penalties under an existing consent decree that VALERO ENERGY CORP / TX reasonably believed would result in penalties in excess of $ 100,000 .
actual or anticipated variations in Hatteras Financial Corp quarterly operating results ; .
Certification of C. David Cone , Chief Financial Officer , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 .
Derek Peterson , Terra Tech Corp. President , Chief Executive Officer , and Chairman of the Board , is the spouse of Amy Almsteier , a director and a greater than 5 % stockholder .
For the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 , the overall effective tax rate was different than the statutory rate of 35 % primarily due to taxable earnings allocated to NRG resulting from NRG 's interest in NRG Yield LLC and production and investment tax credits generated from certain wind and solar assets , respectively .
Revenues for the Real Estate Franchise Services segment include intercompany royalties and marketing fees paid by REALOGY GROUP LLC Owned Real Estate Brokerage Services segment of $ 61 million and $ 58 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively .
Prior to joining Google , from April 1997 to November 2001 , Eric served as chairman of the Board of Directors of Novell , Inc , a computer networking company , and , from April 1997 to July 2001 , as the Chief Executive Officer of Novell .
In January 2011 , Mr. Silber resigned the position of Chief Executive Officer and assumed the position of President .
Health Care Reform In March 2010 , President Obama signed into law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 , collectively referred to as the " Health Reform Laws . "
Under current Bermuda law , Athene Holding Ltd are not required to pay any taxes in Bermuda on either income or capital gains .
For cars that CHEETAH ENTERPRISES , INC . source from the U.S , CHEETAH ENTERPRISES , INC . will use customs brokers who provide the necessary U.S. customs / brokerage paperwork , as well as ensuring the car complies with Costa Rican regulations .
In the third quarter of 2015 , WASTE MANAGEMENT INC settled and paid all amounts due for all pending litigation with the trustees for the Central States Pension Plan regarding liability for contributions to the plan and withdrawal liability resulting from the cessation of contributions .
Silvercrest L.P. was formed on December 10 , 2008 and commenced operations on January 1 , 2009 .
( Platinum ) pursuant to which Platinum agreed to transfer to Wowio , Inc , all of the membership interests of Wowio , LLC ( a Pennsylvania Limited Liability Company and wholly owned subsidiary of Platinum ) ( Wowio Penn ) in exchange for total consideration of $ 3,150,000 , comprised of assumed liabilities of approximately $ 1,636,000 ( of which $ 82,853 was still outstanding as of September 30 , 2015 and December 31 , 2014 ) , including $ 794,518 of amounts owed to Brian Altounian ( which was fully paid or settled as of December 31 , 2014 )
Mr. Ewasko is currently employed by Cipperman Compliance Services , LLC ( CCS ) , a third party provider of compliance services with which the Managing Owner has entered into a relationship .
The Guarantor shall pay on demand to each Helaba Owner
Except as required under U.S. tax laws , AMAZON COM INC do not provide for U.S. taxes on AMAZON COM INC undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that have not been previously taxed since AMAZON COM INC intend to invest such undistributed earnings indefinitely outside of the U.S.
Cardiovascular Systems Inc management s discussion and analysis of Cardiovascular Systems Inc financial condition and results of operations is based on Cardiovascular Systems Inc consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
Steven J. Lubman has served as Surge Components Vice President , Secretary , Treasurer and a director since SURGE COMPONENTS INC inception in November 1981 .
Neurotrope , Inc. currently pay Stanford a $ 10,000 annual license maintenance fee , and will pay milestone payments in the aggregate amount of up to $ 3,700,000 upon the achievement of certain product development events commencing upon the filing of the first IND application through approval of an applicable product , as well as low single - digit royalties on net sales of the licensed products .
The directors of BlackRidge are Robert Graham , John Hayes and Robert Lentz and its officers are Robert Graham , Chief Executive Officer and President , John Hayes , Chief Technology Officer , and John Bluher , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Secretary .
James Bayardelle , Nexus Enterprise Solutions , Inc. 's President , CEO and director received a salary of $ 92,000 and $ 83,832 during 2016 and 2015 respectively .
Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. do not intend on issuing any additional shares to Mr. Matondi for his activities as Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. president .
Acquisition of Bi - Phase Technologies , LLC On May 1 , 2015 , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . acquired all of the membership interests in Bi - Phase Technologies , LLC , a Minnesota limited liability company ( Bi - Phase ) and wholly - owned subsidiary of TPB , Inc , a Minnesota corporation .
Charles W. Ergen , Hughes Satellite Systems Corp Chairman , beneficially owns approximately 30.2 % of EchoStar s total equity securities ( assuming conversion of only the Class B common stock held by Mr. Ergen into Class A common stock ) and possesses approximately 51.6 % of the total voting power of all classes of shares ( assuming no conversion of the Class B common stock and no conversion of the preferred tracking stock ) .
Beginning in late October 2016 , with the appointment of Yogesh Gupta as PROGRESS SOFTWARE CORP /MA new Chief Executive Officer , PROGRESS SOFTWARE CORP /MA Board of Directors and executive management team undertook a comprehensive review of PROGRESS SOFTWARE CORP /MA strategy and operations , including PROGRESS SOFTWARE CORP /MA .
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of BANCORPSOUTH INC , its wholly - owned subsidiary , BancorpSouth Bank ( the Bank ) , and the Bank s wholly - owned subsidiaries , BancorpSouth Insurance Services , Inc , BancorpSouth Municipal Development Corporation , BancorpSouth Bank Securities Corporation , Gumtree Wholesale Insurance Brokers , Inc and BXS Forrest Investment Fund , LLC .
In September 2014 , as part of the removal of anti - dilution , price reset and change of control provisions in various securities that had caused those securities to be classified as derivative liabilities , CorMedix Inc. entered into a Consent and Exchange Agreement with Manchester , pursuant to which Manchester had a right of 60 % participation in equity financings undertaken by CorMedix Inc.
As discussed in Note 11 , PNMR s subsidiary , NM Capital , entered into the Westmoreland Loan to facilitate the acquisition of SJCC by WSJ , a subsidiary of Westmoreland , and PNMR has arranged for letters of credit to be issued to support the coal mining operations of SJCC .
PROFIRE ENERGY INC operates in the United States and Canada .
Equity Earnings ( Loss ) decreased $ 7 million primarily due to a prior period income tax adjustment for DHLC , a SWEPCo unconsolidated subsidiary .
The AEGCo ownership share of the proposed SCR project will be billable under the Rockport Unit Power Agreement to affiliates , including I M , with I M s share recoverable in its base rates .
MaxPoint Interactive , Inc. future success depends heavily upon the continuing services of MaxPoint Interactive , Inc. key employees , including MaxPoint Interactive , Inc. three founders , Joseph Epperson , MaxPoint Interactive , Inc. president and chief executive officer , Gretchen Joyce , MaxPoint Interactive , Inc. chief operating officer , and Kurt Carlson , MaxPoint Interactive , Inc. chief technology officer , and on MaxPoint Interactive , Inc. ability to attract and retain members of MaxPoint Interactive , Inc. management team and other highly skilled employees , including software engineers , analytics and operations employees and sales professionals .
When CINCINNATI FINANCIAL CORP provide CINCINNATI FINANCIAL CORP results on a comparable statutory basis , CINCINNATI FINANCIAL CORP label it as such ; all other company data is presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) .
From October 1999 until June 2002 , Mr. Dillon served as Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of ONI Systems Corp , an optical networking company .
The following table shows how much a one percent change in CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT assumed discount rate would have changed CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT reported 2015 pension and post - retirement expense : .
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section discusses Algae Dynamics Corp. financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
Under the terms of the agreement : ( i ) Blow & Drive Interlock Corp agreed with Mr. Summers that his Employment Agreement dated November 15 , 2016 , his employment with us , and Gnosiis independent contractor relationship with us , were all terminated effective May 10 , 2017 , ( ii ) Blow & Drive Interlock Corp agreed to pay Mr. Summers $ 50,000 and issue him 294,321 shares of Blow & Drive Interlock Corp common stock , restricted in accordance with Rule 144 , ( iii )
On January 22 , 2016 , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . entered into a Termination Agreement ( the Termination Agreement ) with Sinotop Beijing and Zhang Yan to terminate certain contractual arrangements , including the Option Agreement , dated March 9 , 2010 , among YOD HK , Sinotop Beijing and Zhang Yan , the sole shareholder of Sinotop Beijing , the Termination , Assignment and Assumption Agreement among YOD HK , YOD WFOE , Sinotop Beijing and Zhang Yan dated June 4 , 2012 , Voting Rights Proxy Agreement among YOD HK , YOD WFOE , Sinotop Beijing and Zhang Yan dated June 4 , 2012 , Equity Pledge Agreement among YOD HK , YOD WFOE , Sinotop Beijing and Zhang Yan dated June 4 , 2012 and Power of Attorney Agreement among YOD HK , YOD WFOE , Sinotop Beijing and Zhang Yan dated June 4 , 2012 ( collectively , the Old Sinotop VIE Agreements ) .
( the " Company " ) , formerly known as Committed Capital Acquisition Corporation ( " Committed Capital " ) , closed a merger transaction ( the Merger ) with The ONE Group , LLC , a privately held Delaware limited liability company ( ONE Group ) , pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger , dated as of October 16 , 2013 ( the Merger Agreement ) , by and among ONE Group Hospitality , Inc , CCAC Acquisition Sub , LLC , a Delaware limited liability company and wholly - owned subsidiary of Committed Capital ( Merger Sub ) , ONE Group and Samuel Goldfinger as ONE Group Representative .
Carlyle Group L.P. founders , Messrs. Conway , D Aniello and Rubenstein , make all final determinations regarding executive officer compensation .
A M & CO have entered into severance and change in control agreements with each of CASTLE A M & CO Named Executive Officers , including Mr. Scheinkman .
On December 1 , 2009 , Resource Capital Corp. purchased a membership interest in RRE VIP Borrower , LLC ( an unconsolidated VIE that held an interest in a real estate joint venture ) from Resource America for $ 2.1 million , its book value .
In connection with the completion of Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. IPO and Formation Transactions on May 13 , 2013 , Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. acquired controlling interests in both Bermuda Crossroads and Smith s Landing .
The following table summarizes Seres Therapeutics , Inc. results of operations for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 : .
As of December 31 , 2015 , Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. held approximately 15.7 % ownership interest in IBG LLC .
As part of the license agreement , CEMPRA , INC . also entered into a supply agreement with Toyama , whereby CEMPRA , INC . will be the exclusive supplier ( with certain limitations ) to Toyama and its sublicensees of API for solithromycin for use in licensed products in Japan , as well as the exclusive supplier to Toyama and its sublicensees of finished forms of solithromycin to be used in its clinical trials in Japan .
We may need additional funds and/or need to enter into additional collaborative or other agreements in order to fund research and development activities , including post - marketing studies or clinical trials for Contrave / Mysimba , and commercialize Contrave in the United States and Contrave / Mysimba outside the United States , and Orexigen Therapeutics , Inc. may be unable to raise capital when needed or be able to enter into such an agreement , which would force us to delay , reduce or eliminate research , development , and commercialization activities .
For the past year mCig , Inc. have experienced exception growth in the SIP and greenhouse market in Nevada .
Between April 15 , 2016 and December 31 , 2016 , a portion of the interests in Frontier Trading Company I , LLC and all of the interests in Frontier Trading Company VII , LLC , and Frontier Trading Company
Mr. Lampert is also currently the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Seritage .
Mr. Goodman received Institutional Investor s 2012 Money Manager of The Year Award .
In addition , Mr. Overbaugh has served since 2007 as a director of the LOMA Life Insurance Council , a trade association of life insurance companies .
A substantial portion of ALAMO GROUP INC revenues is derived from sales to federal , state and local governmental entities and related contractors , both in the U.S. and in other countries in which ALAMO GROUP INC sell ALAMO GROUP INC products .
In 1980 , when Dr. Barer was with Celanese Research Company , he formed the biotechnology group that was subsequently spun out to form Celgene Corporation .
Mr. Bell joined RLHC from Coldwater Creek , Inc , where he was most recently President and Interim Chief Executive Officer , and also served as Executive Vice President , Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer from January 2012 to June 2014 , Senior Vice President Chief Financial Officer from March 2010 to January 2012 and Vice President of Finance from September 2009 to March 2010 .
Although the results of legal proceedings can not be predicted with certainty , there are no pending legal proceedings to which CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT , or any of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT subsidiaries are a party , or to which any of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT properties is subject , that presents a reasonable likelihood of a material adverse impact on CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT s financial condition , results of operations or cash flows .
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated investments of $ 63.5 million for six months ended June 30 , 2017 primarily reflects Tallgrass Energy GP , LP portion of earnings and the amortization of a negative basis difference of $ 10.1 million associated with Tallgrass Energy GP , LP 49.99 % membership interest in Rockies Express , as well as $ 1.4 million related to Tallgrass Energy GP , LP 20 % membership interest in Deeprock Development during the six months ended June 30 , 2017 .
Achaogen Inc net losses for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 were $ 71.2 million and $ 27.1 million , respectively .
Viking Therapeutics , Inc. are substantially dependent on technologies Viking Therapeutics , Inc. licensed from Ligand , and if Viking Therapeutics , Inc. lose the license to such technologies or Viking Therapeutics , Inc. master license agreement with Ligand , or the Master License Agreement , is terminated for any reason , Viking Therapeutics , Inc. ability to develop existing and new drug candidates would be harmed , and Viking Therapeutics , Inc. business , financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected .
Various parties have filed petitions to deny SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC applications or applications of licensees that SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC provide services to under LMAs for the following stations license renewals : WXLV - TV , Winston - Salem , North Carolina ; WMYV - TV , Greensboro , North Carolina ; WLFL - TV , Raleigh / Durham , North Carolina ; WRDC - TV , Raleigh / Durham , North Carolina ; WLOS - TV , Asheville , North Carolina ; WCIV - TV , Charleston , South Carolina ( formerly WMMP - TV ) ; WMYA - TV , Anderson , South Carolina ; WICS - TV Springfield , Illinois ; WBFF - TV , Baltimore , Maryland ; WTTE - TV , Columbus , Ohio ; WRGT - TV , Dayton , Ohio ; WVAH - TV , Charleston / Huntington , West Virginia ; WCGV - TV , Milwaukee , Wisconsin ; and WTTO - TV in Birmingham , AL .
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Stockholders Employment Agreements In March 2017 , Veritone , Inc. entered into three - year employment agreements with each of Chad Steelberg , Veritone , Inc. s Chief Executive Officer , and Ryan Steelberg , Veritone , Inc. s President .
As used herein : Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Master Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement , dated as of October 1 , 2015 ( as amended ) , among COMPUTER SCIENCES CORPORATION ( CSC ) , CSC GOVERNMENT SOLUTIONS LLC , a Nevada corporation ( CSRA LLC CSC and CSRA LLC are referred as the Sellers and , each individually , as a Seller ) , the PURCHASERS described therein and THE BANK OF TOKYO - MITSUBISHI UFJ , LTD , NEW YORK BRANCH ( BTMU ) , as administrative agent for the Purchasers ( the Administrative Agent ) , including this Schedule , as such agreement may be amended , restated , supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms .
Because RBC Bearings INC financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars , changes in currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have had , and will continue to have , an impact on RBC Bearings INC earnings .
The majority of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC DIGIPASS products are manufactured by four independent vendors domiciled in Hong Kong and Macau with production facilities in mainland China .
Sale of Unregistered Securities As previously reported , on December 4 , 2015 , LSB INDUSTRIES INC entered into a securities purchase agreement with unrelated third parties , LSB Funding and Security Benefit Corporation , in a private placement exempt from registration under the Securities Act ( the Securities Purchase Agreement ) .
By combining the insurance premiums of Macquarie owned and managed funds , MIF has been able to deliver very competitive terms to businesses that participate in the facility .
Following completion of the five - year review , the EPA required Aerojet Rocketdyne to conduct a vapor intrusion evaluation of several of its Sacramento facility buildings , and possibly off - site businesses and residences .
Immediately after the closing , the Manager designated , and the Board appointed , the following persons as the new executive officers of the company : Edward Gellert is Chief Executive Officer and President ; Robert Gellert is Executive Vice President , Chief Operating Officer and Treasurer ; Gregory Simon is Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary ; and Mark E. Chertok is Chief Financial Officer .
Dean L. Cash Dean L. Cash President and Chief Executive Officer of ATEL Financial Services , LLC ( Managing Member ) .
Scores Holding Company , Inc. ( Scores , SCORES HOLDING CO INC , SCORES HOLDING CO INC , us or our ) was incorporated in Utah on September 21 , 1981 under the name Adonis Energy , Inc.
Employment Agreement with Tom Spade On November 26 , 2014 , ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES Corp entered into an employment offer letter with Mr. Spade in connection with his appointment as ADESTO TECHNOLOGIES Corp Vice President of Worldwide Sales .
CWIP as of September 30 , 2017 .
Rosetta Stone Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 2005 .
Mr. Jackson has been employed as Senior Executive Vice President , Chief Operating and Financial Officer and Treasurer since October 2012 .
Richard A. Smith President and Director ( Chief Executive Officer ) .
On July 21 , 2010 , President Obama signed into law the Dodd - Frank Act , which effects comprehensive changes to the regulation of financial services in the United States .
Mr. Schwarzman is a founder of Blackstone and has been involved in all phases of the firm s development since its founding in 1985 .
Prior to his election as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer , Mr. Pieraccioni ( 56 ) served as REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s Executive Vice President and Global President - Revlon Consumer Division since February 2014 .
A shareholder may be able to institute legal action on behalf of PHI GROUP INC or on behalf of itself and other similarly situated shareholders to recover damages or for other relief in cases of the resolution of conflicts is in any manner prejudicial to PHI GROUP INC . Henry D. Fahman , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PHI GROUP INC , also serves as Interim Chief Executive Officer of American Laser Healthcare Corp , a Delaware corporation and a client of PHI Capital Holdings , Inc. s. PHI GROUP INC received $ 20,000 fee for consulting service from American Laser Healthcare Corp during the fiscal year ended June 30 , 2017 .
Mr. Williams currently serves as the Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President , Treasurer for Sientra , Inc , a medical device company focused on developing breast implants , breast tissue expanders and other medical aesthetic products Mr. Williams served as Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President from November 2012 to April 2016 for ZELTIQ , a medical device company focused on developing and commercializing products utilizing its proprietary controlled - cooling technology platform for the aesthetic market .
The majority of the revenue and gross profit earned by Atlantic Aviation is generated through fueling GA aircraft at facilities located on 69 U.S. airports at which Atlantic Aviation operates .
Yvonne L. Greenstreet , MBChB. Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer .
Under the PRC laws and regulations , Consumer Capital Group , Inc. s PRC subsidiaries and VIE are restricted in their ability to transfer certain of their net assets to Consumer Capital Group , Inc. in the form of dividend payments , loans or advances .
MOSAIC CO have been engaged in , and over the next several years will be continuing , efforts to obtain permits in support of MOSAIC CO anticipated Florida mining operations at certain of MOSAIC CO properties .
After the net sales threshold is achieved , Pharmstandard has the right to offset a portion of the royalties Pharmstandard pays to third parties for licenses to necessary third party intellectual property against the royalties that Pharmstandard pays to ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC .
During the second quarter of 2017 , in conjunction with the final approval of the SCPPA PPA which will require ORMAT TECHNOLOGIES , INC . to make significant capital expenditures in the U.S , the fact that ORMAT TECHNOLOGIES , INC . is currently looking for acquisitions in the U.S , and the acquisition of Viridity for a price of $ 35.3 million with two additional earn - out payments expected to be made in 2018 and 2021 , ORMAT TECHNOLOGIES , INC . has re - evaluated its position with respect to a portion of the unrepatriated earnings of Ormat Systems ( OSL ) , its fully owned Subsidiary in Israel , and after consideration of the aforementioned change in facts , determined that it can no longer maintain the permanent reinvestment position with respect to a portion of OSL unrepatriated earnings which will be repatriated to support ORMAT TECHNOLOGIES , INC . s capital expenditures in the U.S. Accordingly , and as further described in Note 11 , the permanent reinvestment assertion of foreign unremitted earnings of OSL was reassessed and removed and the related deferred tax assets and liabilities as well as the estimated withholding taxes on expected remittance of OSL earnings to the U.S. were recorded by ORMAT TECHNOLOGIES , INC . in the second quarter of 2017 .
MOSAIC CO primarily incur liabilities for reclamation activities in MOSAIC CO Florida operations and for phosphogypsum management system ( Gypstack ) closure in MOSAIC CO Florida and Louisiana operations where , in order to obtain necessary permits , MOSAIC CO must either pass a test of financial strength or provide credit support , typically in the form of cash deposits , surety bonds or letters of credit .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10- Q of OmniComm Systems , Inc. ( the Company ) for the period ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , the undersigned , being , Cornelis F. Wit , Executive Chairman of OMNICOMM SYSTEMS INC , and Thomas E. Vickers , Chief Financial Officer of OMNICOMM SYSTEMS INC , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
In May 2016 , MPC and Crowley formed a new ocean vessel joint venture , Crowley Coastal Partners LLC ( Crowley Coastal Partners ) , in which MPC has a 50 percent ownership interest .
MB Bancorp , Inc. MB Bancorp ( the Company ) was incorporated in August 2014 to be the holding company for Madison Bank of Maryland ( the Bank ) following the Bank s conversion from the mutual to the stock form of ownership .
During fiscal year 2016 , Broadcom Cayman L.P. determined that Broadcom Cayman L.P. no longer intend to indefinitely reinvest Broadcom Cayman L.P. accumulated and current foreign earnings in Broadcom Cayman L.P. operations outside of Singapore .
At March 31 , 2017 , the functional currencies of ROPER TECHNOLOGIES INC European and Canadian subsidiaries were stronger against the U.S. dollar compared to currency exchange rates at December 31 , 2016 .
Mr. David Blitz had served as CADUS CORP s acting President and Chief Executive Officer , Treasurer and Secretary from May 2004 until March 2014 at the rate of $ 25,000 per annum .
Exhibit 10.2 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K / A filed January 8 , 2016 .
Lodge Holdco III L.L.C. ( Holdco III ) , a Delaware limited liability company , was formed March 17 , 2006 .
The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements of EMS Find , Inc. and its wholly - owned subsidiaries , EMS Factory , Inc. and Viva Entertainment , have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( " US GAAP " ) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10 - Q and Article 8 of Regulation S - X.
The capacity and energy from its 90 % interest is sold under the Unit Power Sales Agreement to its only four customers , Entergy Arkansas , Entergy Louisiana , Entergy Mississippi , and Entergy New Orleans .
Ms. Corbet also is a director of the MassMutual Financial Group , a mutual life insurance company , where she is lead director and sits on the audit , executive , and investment committees .
In addition , on August 14 , 2014 , the compensation committee of the board of directors granted two inducement RSU awards to Cesar Johnston , Energous Corp s Senior Vice President of Engineering .
Prior to founding Avenue , Mr. Lasry co - founded Amroc Investments , LLC , or Amroc , and prior to that , managed capital for Amroc Investments , L.P , a distressed debt investment firm organized in association with the Robert M. Bass Group and a predecessor to Amroc .
Subsequently , COPART INC engaged a Georgia law firm and outside tax advisors to review the conduct of COPART INC business operations in Georgia , the notice of proposed assessment , and the DOR s policy position .
Responsibility The responsibility of maintaining and updating the material specifications is JCBGI which is headquartered in Milwaukee Wisconsin , Glendale facility , USA .
For the full - year 2015 , VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC estimate that VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC revenue denominated in Euros of $ 43,000 compared to operating expenses denominated in Euros of $ 38,500 .
During the third quarter of 2017 , American Midstream Partners , LP general partner agreed to provide support of $ 9.8 million in terms of American Midstream Partners , LP support agreement that was executed in conjunction with the JPE Acquisition .
An engineering and economic evaluation was performed on the interests owned by Zena Energy , L.L.C. ( Zena ) , a subsidiary of LSB Industries ,
Mr. Sladich has served as Executive Vice President , Hotel Operations and Sales since February 2014 .
On April 17 , 2015 , eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp entered into an agreement with Akash Bajaj , M.D , M.P.H. The agreement is for Dr. Bajaj to serve as a consultant and as the Chairman of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp s Clinical Advisory Board .
The following tables provide detail of the IIF and RIF in Essent Group Ltd. top ten most concentrated states and Essent Group Ltd. top ten most concentrated U.S. metropolitan statistical areas as of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 .
Essent Group Ltd. is a party to an investment advisory agreement with Goldman Sachs Asset Management , L.P , a subsidiary of The Goldman Sachs Group , Inc. ( " Goldman Sachs " ) , one of Essent Group 's investors .
Certification of Randall A. Ezell , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of HCBF Holding Company , Inc , Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 .
On July 29 , 2016 , WORLD WRESTLING ENTERTAINMENTINC entered into an amended and restated $ 150.0 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility with a syndicated group of banks , with JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A. acting as Administrative Agent ( the " Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility " ) .
As part of the PhotoMedex business acquisition , ICTV now has expanded its platform to have a sales office in Hong Kong , which markets and distributes ICTV Brands Inc. products through several Asian airlines , as well as sell ICTV Brands Inc. products through several retail outlets throughout Hong Kong .
Effective August 1 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a consultant agreement with TEN Associates LLC .
Includes 5,237,148 shares of common stock , and options to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock owned by Mr. David G. Derrick , a former member of ACTIVECARE , INC .
Granite Falls Energy , LLC generally purchase corn for both the GFE and HLBE plants through spot cash , fixed - price forward , basis only , and futures only contracts and may utilize hedging positions in the corn futures market for a portion of Granite Falls Energy , LLC corn requirements to manage the risk of excessive corn price fluctuations .
Andrew Schlossberg , the Principal Executive Officer of the Managing Owner , and Steven Hill , its Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , Investment Pools , of the Managing Owner , assessed the effectiveness of the Fund s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31 , 2015 .
Lorenzo Delpani Lorenzo Delpani President and Chief Executive Officer .
IBERIABANK CORP does not hold any Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac preferred stock , corporate equity , collateralized debt obligations , collateralized loan obligations , or structured investment vehicles , nor does it hold any private label collateralized mortgage obligations , subprime , Alt - A , sovereign debt , or second lien elements in its investment portfolio .
Richard D. Kamolvathin Richard D. Kamolvathin Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Executive Officer , Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer )
As a result , NETLIST INC inventory purchases have historically been concentrated in a small number of suppliers , including an affiliate of Samsung , from which NETLIST INC obtained a large portion of NETLIST INC total inventory purchases in 2016 and the first nine months of 2017 .
In August 2003 , in order to induce Guillermina Vega Montiel , a principal stockholder of ours at the time , to make a $ 4 million investment in Cytosorbents Corp , Cytosorbents Corp granted Ms. Montiel a perpetual royalty equal to three percent of all gross revenues received by us from sales of CytoSorb in the applications of sepsis , cardiopulmonary bypass surgery , organ donor , chemotherapy and inflammation control .
The table below presents CPI Card Group Inc. results of operations for t he years ended December 31 , 2015 and 201 4 : .
Employees ADDENTAX GROUP CORP . are at a development stage and do not have employees , other than ADDENTAX GROUP CORP . sole officer , Otmane Tajmouati , who will initially perform all works in production and organization of ADDENTAX GROUP CORP . business .
From 2011 to May 2015 , Ms. Chytil was Senior Vice President and General Manager of retail payments at Fidelity National Information Services , Inc , a global provider of financial technology solutions , where she was responsible for e - commerce , check cashing and retail payments .
In addition , during the second quarter of 2016 , Wright Medical Group N.V. settled a portion of the 2020 Notes Hedges ( receiving $ 3.9 million ) and repurchased a portion of the warrants associated with the 2020 Notes ( paying $ 3.3 million ) , generating net proceeds of approximately $ 0.6 million .
On July 28 , 2015 a putative class action complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois , captioned Linda J. Rossbach v. Vasco Data Security International , Inc , et al , case number 1:15 cv 06605 , naming VASCO and certain of its current and former executive officers as defendants and alleging violations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended .
On January 3 , 2013 , InspireMD , Inc. entered into an employment agreement with Alan Milinazzo to serve as InspireMD , Inc. president , chief executive officer and a director , which was first amended on April 24 , 2013 , and further amended on January 5 , 2015 , June 29 , 2015 , and January 21 , 2016 .
HILLS BANCORPORATION s common stock is registered with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ( the Exchange Act ) .
Blackstone Group L.P. founder Mr. Schwarzman makes all such compensation determinations based in large part on recommendations from Mr. James .
In the late 1950s , PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO s products were being sold through joint ventures and licensees in Canada , England , Germany , Spain and Australia .
As of August 4 , 2017 , all of DOLLAR GENERAL CORP s operations were located within the United States with the exception of certain subsidiaries in Hong Kong and China and a liaison office in India , which collectively are not material with regard to assets , results of operations or otherwise to the condensed consolidated financial statements .
ORBITAL ATK , INC . small - caliber ammunition operations for the U.S. military and U.S. allies are conducted at the Lake City Army Ammunition Plant in Independence , Missouri .
In May 2012 , Mr. Elker joined the board of directors of Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc. as an independent director and chairman on the audit committee .
4.2 Pooling and Servicing Agreement , dated as of September 1 , 2015 , by and among Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Securities Inc , as Depositor , Wells Fargo Bank , National Association , as Master Servicer , LNR Partners , LLC , as Special Servicer , Situs Holdings , LLC , as Operating Advisor , Citibank , N.A , as Certificate Administrator , and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas , as Trustee ( filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8 - K filed on October 23 , 2015 under Commission File
In September 2014 , Castle Brands Inc entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement ( as amended , the Loan Agreement ) with ACF FinCo I LP ( ACF ) , pursuant to which the Credit Facility was amended to modify certain aspects , including increasing the maximum amount of the Credit Facility from $ 8.0 million to $ 12.0 million and increasing the inventory sub - limit from $ 4.0 million to $ 6.0 million .
From 1988 until 1994 , Mr. Hamrick served as National Director of Private Investments for UBS PaineWebber , where he was also a member of that firm s Management Council , and from 1975 until 1988 , he held positions ranging from Account Executive to National Director of Private Placements at E.F. Hutton .
FRANKLIN RESOURCES INC consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America , which require the use of estimates , judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented .
CYBEROPTICS CORP effective tax rate for 2015 and 2014 reflects the impact of having a significant portion of CYBEROPTICS CORP operations in Singapore where corporate income tax rates are substantially lower than the United States .
As at March 31 , 2017 , TW Investor owns 42.6 % of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and has a 46.7 % voting interest in CENTRAL EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD due to its ownership of the Series A Preferred Share .
Kevin A. Shields , Director and President .
Prior to Novus Robotics Inc. incorporation , on April 15 , 2005 , David Wallace , the then President / Chief Executive Officer / Secretary / Chief Financial Officer and sole director ( Wallace ) , formed Guano Distributors ( Pty ) Ltd , a South African registered company , for the purpose of selling Dry - Bar Cave bat guano .
In addition , TripBorn , Inc. vice president and director , Sachin Mandloi resides in India and TripBorn , Inc. president and director , Deepak Sharma spends a significant amount of time in India .
GENESEE & WYOMING INC results for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 included certain items affecting comparability between the periods as previously presented in the " Overview Overview of Three Month Results Items Affecting Comparability . " Operating Results by Segment GENESEE & WYOMING INC various rail operations are organized into 10 operating regions .
David Siegel has served as a director since 1983 , as well as Chairman of the Board from 1983 to February 2000 .
Effective February 28 , 2017 ( the Effective Date ) , SCORES HOLDING CO INC entered into separate Settlement Agreements ( each , a Settlement Agreement ) with three licensees , I.M. Operating LLC ( IMO ) , Star Light Events LLC ( Star Light ) and Swan Media Group , Inc. ( Swan ) , controlled by Robert M. Gans , SCORES HOLDING CO INC President , Chief Executive Officer and a member of SCORES HOLDING CO INC Board of Directors .
In June 2017 , PacifiCorp terminated its $ 600 million unsecured credit facility expiring March 2018 and entered into a $ 600 million unsecured credit facility expiring June 2020 with two one - year extension options subject to lender consent .
The holders of Summit Holdings LP Units , including Summit Inc , incur U.S. federal , state and local income taxes on their share of any taxable income of Summit Holdings .
In June 2014 , Cytosorbents Corp formed the CytoSorbents 401(k ) Plan .
Mr. Sladich serves on two prominent national industry boards , including the U.S. Travel Association and Destination Travel Foundation Board of Trustees .
On January 16 , 2014 Writ Media Group , Inc. s Equity Line Financing ( ELF ) agreement with Dutchess Opportunity Fund II , and its corresponding S1 registration statement , was declared effective by the SEC .
This discussion and analysis of SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC financial condition and results of operations is based on SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
Public companies in the United States are subject to the accounting and reporting requirements of various authorities , including the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) and the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) .
Gregory T. Baxter , Ph.D. joined Stellar s executive management team in December 2016 following his service on Stellar Biotechnologies , Inc. s Board of Directors , which he joined in August 2012 .
INC 's equity investment in Viking was $ 12.0 million as of September 30 , 2017 .
Alfred P. West , Jr. Alfred P. West , Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
CYBEROPTICS CORP also have entered into an agreement to supply Nordson with high - precision 3D sensor subsystems for the SMT market and have sold initial units for testing and demonstration purposes .
Russell E. Lynch , Jr. Russell E. Lynch , Jr. Vice President and Controller of Energen Corporation .
Except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 9 below , each vested Performance Stock Unit shall be settled within 90 days of the vesting date , but no later than March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Performance Stock Units vested .
The Bausch + Lomb / International segment revenue was $ 1,254 million and $ 1,243 million for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively , an increase of $ 11 million , or 1 % .
In addition to the results reported in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) , Taylor Morrison Home Corp have provided information in this Annual Report relating to adjusted home closings gross margins .
limitations imposed on Starwood Waypoint Homes business and Starwood Waypoint Homes ability to satisfy complex rules in order for us and , if applicable , certain of Starwood Waypoint Homes subsidiaries to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and the ability of certain of Starwood Waypoint Homes subsidiaries to qualify as taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRSs ) for U.S. federal income tax purposes , and Starwood Waypoint Homes ability and the ability of Starwood Waypoint Homes subsidiaries to operate effectively within the limitations imposed by these rules ; and .
Revenue Armstrong Energy , Inc. coal sales revenue for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 increased by $ 0.6 million , or 1.0 % , to $ 60.9 million , as compared to $ 60.3 million for the three months ended months ended June 30 , 2016 .
On November 1 , 2004 , the assets allocated to Winton for trading were invested in Winton Master , a limited partnership organized under the partnership laws of the State of New York .
ADOBE SYSTEMS INC support ADOBE SYSTEMS INC end users through local field offices and ADOBE SYSTEMS INC worldwide distribution network , which includes locations in Australia , Austria , Belgium , Brazil , Canada , Czech Republic , Denmark , Finland , France , Germany , India , Ireland , Italy , Japan , Mexico , Moldova , the Netherlands , Norway , Poland , Portugal , Romania , Singapore , South Africa , South Korea , Spain , Sweden , Switzerland , Taiwan , Turkey , the United Kingdom and the United States .
On June 22 , 2016 , Xi an TCH entered into a Coal Oven Gas Power Generation Project Repurchase Agreement ( the Repurchase Agreement ) with Yida .
Equity Price Risk As of September 30 , 2017 , SEATTLE GENETICS INC /WA held 3.0 million shares of Immunomedics common stock and a warrant to purchase an additional 8.7 million shares of Immunomedics common stock at an exercise price of $ 4.90 per share .
As of April 29 , 2017 , Burlington Stores , Inc. and its subsidiaries ( the Company ) , a Delaware Corporation , through its indirect subsidiary Burlington Coat Factory Warehouse Corporation ( BCFWC ) , operated 596 retail stores , inclusive of an internet store .
Winston E. Scott - Senior Vice President for External Relations and Economic Development , Florida Institute of Technology since March 2012 .
Nature of Operations : Guaranty Bancshares , Inc. ( Guaranty ) is a bank holding company headquartered in Mount Pleasant , Texas that provides , through its wholly - owned subsidiary , Guaranty Bank Trust , N.A. ( the Bank ) , a broad array of financial products and services to individuals and corporate customers , primarily in its markets of East Texas , Bryan / College Station and the Dallas / Fort Worth metroplex .
From time to time , MICROSOFT CORP receive inquiries from authorities in the U.S. and elsewhere and reports from employees and others about MICROSOFT CORP business activities outside the U.S. and MICROSOFT CORP compliance with Anti - Corruption Laws .
In November 2014 , Castle Brands Inc entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement ( the 2014 Distribution Agreement ) with Barrington Research Associates , Inc. ( Barrington ) , as sales agent , under which Castle Brands Inc may issue and sell over time and from time to time , to or through Barrington , shares ( the Shares ) of its common stock having a gross sales price of up to $ 10,000,000 .
Punto Group , Corp. PUNTO GROUP , CORP . have reviewed the accompanying condensed balance sheets of Punto Group , Corp. as of June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , and the related condensed statements of operations and comprehensive loss for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 , and statements of cash flows for the six month periods ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC stock price may be volatile for reasons other than variations in VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC quarterly operating results .
On May 8 , 2015 , Realtime Data LLC ( Realtime ) filed suit against EchoStar Corporation and Hughes Satellite Systems Corp subsidiary HNS in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging infringement of United States Patent Nos . 7,378,992 , entitled Content Independent Data Compression Method and System 7,415,530 , entitled System and Methods for Accelerated Data Storage and Retrieval and 8,643,513 , entitled Data Compression System and Methods .
Pursuant to the Board Representation and Standstill Agreement , LSB INDUSTRIES INC agreed to permit LSB Funding to appoint three nominees to LSB INDUSTRIES INC Board of Directors ( the Board ) .
Assistant Vice President , Commercial Banker CARRIE A. GERBER Credit Officer ERIC S. GERBER Assistant Vice President , Commercial Banker AMI K. HAMMOND Officer , Banking Center Manager MARC R. HARVEY Vice President , Organizational Development JACKIE S. HAZEL Vice President , Trust Operations BENJAMIN J. HERSHBERGER Assistant Vice President , Banking Center Manager MARIE HULL - GREEN Vice President , Trust Officer RANDALL S. JANSON Assistant Vice President , Banking Center Manager JULIE A. JONES Vice President , Director Of Human Resources STEPHEN K. KILPATRICK First Vice President , Senior Credit Officer GINA K. MARSHALL Officer , Customer Service Center Manager KEVIN J. MCALLISTER Vice President , Lead Trust Officer ROBYN E. MCCLINTOCK
Progreen US , Inc. have expanded Progreen US , Inc. real estate development operations to include Baja California , Mexico .
Although most components for CYBEROPTICS CORP system products are more readily available in Singapore , some of the hardware components used in CYBEROPTICS CORP system products necessary for manufacture in Singapore may be difficult to import at satisfactory prices .
Moreover , any failure of Biogen to supply ELOCTATE and ALPROLIX could cause us to breach Bioverativ Inc. supply agreements to Sobi for these products , which may subject us to liability under those agreements and impair Bioverativ Inc. relationship with Sobi . Issues with product quality or safety , including the perception of such issues , could negatively affect Bioverativ Inc. business , subject us to regulatory or other actions and cause a loss of confidence in us or Bioverativ Inc. products .
L. Daniel Browne President , Chief Executive February 28 , 2017 L. Daniel Browne Officer and Director .
The following table summarizes ROSS STORES INC s stock repurchase activity in fiscal 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 : .
During the three months ended September 30 , 2017 , the Partnership made no capital contributions to PropX and recognized earnings of $ 128 from its proportionate share of PropX 's operating results during the three month period .
During the remainder of 2017 , CENTENE CORP expect to make net capital contributions to CENTENE CORP insurance subsidiaries of approximately $ 117 million associated with CENTENE CORP growth and spend approximately $ 300 million in additional capital expenditures primarily associated with system enhancements and market expansions .
Dr. Barer is also a director of Cerecor , Inc , Edge Therapeutics , Inc , Medgenics , Inc , Centrexion Corporation , RestorGenex Corporation , ContraFect Corporation , Amicus Therapeutics , Inc. and Aegerion Pharmaceuticals , Inc. and serves as a senior advisor to a number of other biotechnology companies .
Alfonso Knoll was appointed as President , Chief Executive Officer and Director of HighLight Networks , Inc. and Joseph C. Passalaqua was appointed Secretary , Chief Financial Officer and Director of HighLight Networks , Inc. In 2013 , Alfonso Knoll was appointed President and Director and Joseph Passalaqua was appointed Secretary and Director of EZRecycling , Inc , the newly formed , wholly owned subsidiary of Highlight Networks .
From 1982 through 1999 , Mr. VanOort served in various positions at Corning Incorporated and at its spin - off company , Quest Diagnostics , Inc.
On August 8 , 2016 , Oroplata Resources , Inc. incorporated Lithortech Resources Inc , a company incorporated in the State of Nevada , and is a wholly - owned subsidiary .
( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , David M. Johnson , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( principal financial officer ) of FTI CONSULTING INC , certify , pursuant to 18 USC .
For example , the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services ( CMS ) has begun bundling the Medicare payments for certain laboratory tests ordered while a patient received services in a hospital outpatient setting and , beginning in 2018 , CMS will pay for clinical laboratory services based on a weighted average of reported prices that private payors , Medicare Advantage plans , and Medicaid Managed Care plans pay for laboratory services .
The time required to obtain these foreign approvals to market Cytosorbents Corp products may be longer or shorter than that required in the U.S , and requirements for those approvals may differ from those required by the FDA .
working capital increased from $ ( 414,903)at December 31 , 2016 to $ 566,088 at March 31 , 2017 , primarily as a result of the conversion of the convertible promissory note to common shares of TRANSAKT LTD . company by TRANSAKT LTD .
In connection with the termination of the 2014 Credit Agreement , subsequent to June 30 , 2017 , Enservco Corp terminated the interest rate swap agreement with PNC .
MEDALLION FINANCIAL CORP have assigned all of MEDALLION FINANCIAL CORP loan servicing rights for Medallion Bank , which consists of servicing taxi medallion and commercial loans originated by Medallion Bank , to MSC , which bills and collects the related service fee income from Medallion Bank , and is allocated and charged by us for MSC s share of these servicing costs .
However , CHINA RECYCLING ENERGY CORP operations and business , including investment and/or acquisitions by CHINA RECYCLING ENERGY CORP subsidiaries within China , will not be affected as long as the capital is not transferred in or out of the PRC .
A competition authority in Germany commenced an antitrust investigation in 2015 involving the industry association for metal packaging in Germany and its members , including SILGAN HOLDINGS INC metal container and closures subsidiaries in Germany .
In connection with the Annual Report of Biostar Pharmaceuticals , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2016 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Xiaojuan Zhai , Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) of Biostar Pharmaceuticals , Inc , hereby certify as of the date hereof , solely for purposes of Title 18 , Chapter 63 , Section 1350 of the United States Code , that to the best of my knowledge : .
The top five states for the distribution of FGL Insurance products in 2017 were California , Texas , Florida , New Jersey and Michigan , which together accounted for nearly 42.9 % of FGL Insurance s premiums .
Subsequent to these share repurchases , Crestview no longer holds any shares of FBR & Co. s common stock and FBR & Co.
Although significantly and favorably modified from prior versions , the regulations still have the potential to lower CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT safe yield , raise CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT capital and operating expenses and adversely affect CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT revenues and earnings .
The general partner of the Manager is KGT , Inc , a Delaware corporation of which Kenneth G. Tropin is the sole director and sole shareholder .
Due to the factors described above , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . have fully impaired CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . equity investment in GPT by recording a charge of $ 6.0 million during the fourth quarter of 2015 .
The Tactical Opportunities review committee is comprised of the senior managing directors and managing directors of the Tactical Opportunities business and a senior managing director of Blackstone Group L.P. Private Equity business , and the investment committee is comprised of Mr. Schwarzman , Mr. James , the business heads of Blackstone s Private Equity , Real Estate and Credit businesses , and certain other senior managing directors .
The following table presents TRAVELCENTERS OF AMERICA LLC same site operating results for TRAVELCENTERS OF AMERICA LLC convenience store segment for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 , as compared to the three and six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Samuel A. Landy , President and Chief Executive Officer and Anna T. Chew , Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , of UMH PROPERTIES , INC , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of their knowledge : .
In Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. opinion , the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly , in all material respects , the results of Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. s consolidated operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31 , 2013 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
Compared to the Three Months Ended March 31 , 2016 Valeant Pharmaceuticals International , Inc. revenue for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 was $ 2,109 million and $ 2,372 million , respectively , a decrease of $ 263 million , or 11 % .
For the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2016 , RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. net loss was $ 9,229,760 and as of December 31 , 2016 , RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. had an accumulated deficit of $ 157,510,779 .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT s Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) and as directed by the regulatory commissions to which CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT s Regulated Companies are subject .
SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC believe Mr. Gray s current and prior service on numerous boards in the telecommunications industry , his experience as a senior executive officer of several companies and his current role as Chief Executive Officer of SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC qualifies him to serve on SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC Board of Directors .
TiVo Solutions can settle the 2021 Convertible Notes in cash , shares of common stock , or any combination thereof pursuant to the 2014 Indenture .
Changing requirements relating to the materials composition of Broadcom Cayman L.P. products , including the restrictions on lead and certain other substances in electronics that apply to specified electronics products sold in various countries , including the United States , China , Japan , and in the European Union , increase the complexity and costs of Broadcom Cayman L.P. product design and procurement operations and may require us to re - engineer Broadcom Cayman L.P. products .
Organizational Background : Emerald Medical Applications Corp ( the " Registrant " ) , was incorporated in the State of Ohio in 1989 under a predecessor name , Zaxis International Inc. ( " Zaxis " ) .
This decrease in revenues is primarily attributable to ( i ) divestitures , which lowered revenues by $ 762 million , primarily the sale of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC Wheelabrator business in December 2014 ; ( ii ) lower volumes , which decreased WASTE MANAGEMENT INC revenues by $ 215 million ; ( iii ) lower fuel surcharges and mandated fees of $ 171 million , primarily due to lower year - over - year average fuel prices ; ( iv ) year - over - year .
David W. Sides David W. Sides Chief Executive Officer and President September 13 , 2017 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to STREAMLINE HEALTH SOLUTIONS INC . and will be retained by STREAMLINE HEALTH SOLUTIONS INC . and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request .
Daniel J. Luckshire Daniel J. Luckshire Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
The impact on theMaven , Inc. results of operations of recording stock - based compensation expense for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 was as follows : .
The selected financial data presented below is not comparable for all periods presented primarily as a result of transactions such as the SoftBank Merger and acquisitions of Clearwire and certain assets of United States Cellular Corporation in 2013 .
On April 3 , 2017 Birchwood Capital , LLC ( Birchwood ) entered into a securities purchase agreement by and between Birchwood , Brick Top Holdings , Inc. ( Brick Top ) and David Cohen pursuant to which Birchwood transferred to Brick Top 1,250,000 shares of CAROLCO PICTURES , INC . s Series A preferred stock and 5,125,000 shares of CAROLCO PICTURES , INC . s Series C preferred stock in exchange for $ 37,500 .
Ms. Cameron served as Chairman of the Washington Hospital Board of Trustees and of the Washington Hospital Executive Committee until she stepped down in 2012 .
Mr. Leonard also served as chairman and a trustee of United Way of Greater New Orleans and of the National D - Day Museum Foundation , and currently serves on the boards of various civic and charitable organizations .
These include Dr. David M. Goldenberg , IMMUNOMEDICS INC Chairman , Chief Scientific Officer , and Chief Patent Officer , Ms. Cynthia L. Sullivan , IMMUNOMEDICS INC President and Chief Executive Officer ( who is also the wife of Dr. Goldenberg ) , and certain companies with which IMMUNOMEDICS INC do business , including the Center for Molecular Medicine and Immunology and the Garden State Cancer Center ( which operates as the clinical arm of CMMI to facilitate the translation of CMMI s research efforts in the treatment of patients ) , collectively defined as CMMI .
Room demand continued to be strong overall , but inconsistent demand from the group business segment contributed to variations in MARCUS CORP results by quarter , as evidenced by the table below : .
Mr. Kesner is the President of Auracana LLC , at the time a majority shareholder of the Company .
Competition - Gas customers in Iowa and Wisconsin currently do not have the ability to choose their gas distributor , and IPL and WPL have obligations to serve all their gas customers .
Sientra , Inc. medical device products and operations are subject to extensive governmental regulation both in the United States and abroad , and Sientra , Inc. failure to comply with applicable requ irements could cause Sientra , Inc. business to suffer .
SKECHERS USA INC ability to continue to manufacture and ship SKECHERS USA INC products that are sourced in China and Vietnam , which could be adversely affected by various economic , political or trade conditions , or a natural disaster in China or Vietnam ; .
In July 2013 , the U.S. banking regulatory agencies , including the FRB , approved a final rule to implement the revised capital adequacy standards of the BCBS or Basel III , and to address relevant provisions of the Dodd - Frank Act .
On the Date of Acquisition , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock of 3PI , an Illinois corporation and wholly - owned subsidiary of CKT Holdings Inc , for cash of $ 45.4 million , including cash acquired of $ 1.3 million , and agreed to pay to the sellers additional consideration of between $ 5,000,000 and $ 15,000,000 in shares of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s common stock , valued at $ 76.02 per share ( i.e , between 65,772 and 197,316 shares ) , based upon , and following the final determination in accordance with the Stock Purchase Agreement of , the 3PI EBITDA ( as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement ) .
MICROSTRATEGY INC deployed MICROSTRATEGY INC first MicroStrategy Mobile app about seven years ago and since then are improving data accessibility across MICROSTRATEGY INC enterprise , said Brian Rensing , Sr . Director , Enterprise Information Management , PetSmart .
In connection with the Quarterly Report for Nogales Resources Corp. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended October 31 , 2017 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Yang Liu , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Nogales Resources Corp , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
As of March 31 , 2017 , through Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. managed physician practices , Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. provided hospitalist services at more than 20 acute - care hospitals and long - term acute care facilities in California , and operated one specialty medical clinic in the Los Angeles area .
Customers and Markets Customers for VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC products include some of the world s most recognized names : HSBC , Rabobank , Belfius , Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation , BNP - Paribas Fortis , Swedbank , The Bank of Tokyo - Mitsubishi , Citibank , and Commonwealth Bank of Australia VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC top 10 customers contributed 50 % , 46 % , and 40 % , in 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 , respectively , of total worldwide revenue .
PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO s DPW operation rents two properties owned by RandReau Properties , LLC and RaRe Properties , LLC , which are owned by Kevin Goodreau , Vice President of Business Development Solar Division , and Jeffrey Randall , Vice President of Product Design Solar Division .
After taking into account these interest deduction tax benefits , the total estimated net cash outflow for the like - kind exchange is approximately $ 950 million , of which approximately $ 300 million is attributable to ComEd after giving consideration to Exelon s agreement to hold ComEd harmless from any unfavorable impacts on ComEd s equity from the like - kind exchange position .
MEDLEY MANAGEMENT INC . tax rate is affected by recurring items , such as permanent differences and income allocated to non - controlling interests which is not subject to U.S. federal , state and local corporate income taxes .
Net Loss from Operations As a result of the foregoing revenues , direct costs of revenues , software development expenses , general and administrative expenses , and other income ( expenses ) , net , VNUE , Inc. net loss for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 was $ 1,081,526 , compared to VNUE ,
Deborah H. Calder - Executive Vice President for Navy Federal Credit Union since 2014 .
Due to IEnova s potential acquisition of its joint venture partner s 50 - percent interest in GdC , which SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO discuss in Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO no longer plan to repatriate current year earnings from SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO non - U.S. subsidiaries in Mexico .
From May 2004 to August 2009 , Mr. Rogers served as Vice President , Global Human Resources , from October 2003 to May 2004 , Mr. Rogers served as Director , Human Resources Americas and from August 2000 to October 2003 , he served as Director , Human Resources for HUNTSMAN INTERNATIONAL LLC Polymers and Base Chemicals businesses .
Bank of Marin Bancorp set aside an allowance for losses on off - balance sheet commitments in the amount of $ 957 thousand and $ 899 thousand as of September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , respectively , which is recorded in interest payable and other liabilities on the consolidated statements of condition .
On March 16 , 2017 , ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC and MainPointe entered into the MainPointe Agreement , pursuant to which ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC granted MainPointe an exclusive license to ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC Impede technology to commercialize ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC Nexafed products in the U.S. and Canada .
On February 1 , 2017 , ACME UNITED CORP purchased the assets of Spill Magic , Inc , located in Santa Ana , CA and Smyrna , TN for $ 7.2 million in cash .
S. Andrew Quist has served as Vice President of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP since 2010 .
Hughes Satellite Systems Corp international operations are subject to the laws of many different jurisdictions that may differ significantly from U.S. law .
Under the Original Agrinatural Credit Facility , HLBE agreed to make a five - year term loan in the principal amount of $ 3.05 million to Agrinatural for use by Agrinatural to repay approximately $ 1.4 million of its outstanding debt and provide approximately $ 1.6 million of working capital to Agrinatural .
The above table shows 100 % of IMTT , including the 33.3 % portion of the Quebec terminal that it does not own , which is not significant .
For 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , INSTRUCTURE INC net losses were , $ 53.0 million , $ 41.4 million and $ 22.5 million , respectively .
On September 6 , 2017 , PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES INC entered into the License Agreement with Fosun , for exclusive rights to commercialize bremelanotide in the territories of mainland China , Taiwan , Hong Kong S.A.R. and Macau S.A.R , which provided for $ 5,000,000 as a one - time upfront payment .
Mr. Spalding has served as Vice President Tube Wire Products of HAYNES INTERNATIONAL INC since May 2009 .
He served as Senior Vice President Merchandise Planning from May 2012 to April 2014 and Senior Vice President Merchandise Planning and eCommerce from April 2008 to May Mr. Mansker joined BON TON STORES INC in May 2007 and was appointed Vice President eCommerce .
Sean Folkson was elected president , CEO and a director upon formation of NightFood Holdings , Inc.
2 Amount represents the net of IRLC assets and liabilities and includes the derivative liability associated with SUNTRUST BANKS INC 's sale of Visa shares .
In connection with the Annual Report of U.S. NeuroSurgical Holdings , Inc. on Form 10 - K for the period ending December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Alan Gold , President and Chief Executive Officer of U.S. NeuroSurgical Holdings , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Longview SBIC GP LLC and Longview SBIC LP ( collectively , Horizon SBIC ) were formed as a Delaware limited liability company and Delaware limited partnership , respectively , on February 11 , 2011 .
Prior to joining IBERIABANK CORP , Mr. Bryan served as Chief Operating Officer for First Southern Bancorp in Boca Raton , Florida .
A depreciation of these currencies against the U.S. dollar , in particular the euro , will decrease the U.S. dollar equivalent of the amounts derived from these operations reported in Trinseo S.A. consolidated financial statements and an appreciation of these currencies will result in a corresponding increase in such amounts .
The tax incentives that Broadcom Cayman L.P. have negotiated in Malaysia are also subject to Broadcom Cayman L.P. compliance with various operating and other conditions .
NextGen Dealer Solutions , LLC ( Company ) was formed on December 10 , 2015 as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware .
Incorporated in Delaware in 2010 and headquartered in Lisle , Illinois , SunCoke Energy , Inc. became a publicly - traded company in 2011 and SunCoke Energy , Inc. stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the symbol SXC .
FXDIRECT may terminate this agreement upon providing 90 days written notice .
As a result of seasonal activity , Taylor Morrison Home Corp quarterly results of operations and financial position are not necessarily representative of a full fiscal year .
Mr. Song currently serves as the chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer of C Media Limited and the chairman of the board of directors and chief financial officer of China Growth Equity Investment Ltd , positions he has held since YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . s inception in January 2010 .
Mondelez International , Inc. initial $ 2.0 billion investment in Keurig includes a $ 1.6 billion Keurig equity interest and a $ 0.4 billion shareholder loan receivable , which are reported on a combined basis within equity method investments on Mondelez International , Inc. condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31 , 2017 .
Product Liability Endo International plc and certain of Endo International plc subsidiaries have been named as defendants in numerous lawsuits in various U.S. federal and state courts , as well as in Canada and other countries , alleging personal injury resulting from the use of certain products of Endo International plc subsidiaries .
If Mr. Singal s employment is terminated by FC Global Realty Inc for Cause , or if he resigns other than for Good Reason , he is entitled to receive ( a ) any earned but unpaid Base Salary and/or accrued but unused vacation days , all vested equity , and any earned but unpaid bonus awards through the date of termination , ( b ) reimbursement for any unreimbursed business expenses incurred by him in accordance with FC Global Realty Inc s policy prior to the date of termination , and ( c ) such Employee Benefits , if any , to which he may be entitled upon termination of employment under the terms of the plan documents and applicable law ( including under the applicable provisions of Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 , as amended ) .
Additionally , INSTRUCTURE INC are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law , which generally prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any of a broad range of business combinations with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date on which the stockholder became an interested stockholder and which may discourage , delay or prevent a change of control of INSTRUCTURE INC company .
( 1 ) Richard Gilbert served as president and secretary of Minn Shares Inc. until November 2016 .
Certification of George M. Sfeir , President , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer , and a Director of Energy Technology Corp , pursuant to Rule 15d-14(a ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended .
The discretionary bonuses for each of Carlyle Group L.P. named executive officers were recommended by Mr. D Aniello and were approved by all three of Carlyle Group L.P. founders .
foreign earnings could be available as a credit in the United States on Quintiles IMS Holdings , Inc. income taxes .
In order to satisfy NYSE Arca listing standards that at least 100,000 shares be outstanding at the beginning of the trading day on the NYSE Arca , USCF purchased the initial Creation Basket from the initial Authorized Participant at the initial offering price .
INOVIO PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . held a 10.2 % ownership interest in GeneOne as of December 31 , 2016 and 2015 , and a 16.8 % ownership interest in PLS as of December 31 , 2016 and 2015 .
The following discussion is based upon VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 ( percentages in the discussion , except for returns on average net cash balances , are rounded to the closest full percentage point ) and should be read in conjunction with VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10 - K. VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC design , develop , market and support both propriety and open standards - based hardware and software security systems that manage and secure access to information assets .
Gregory E. Poling has been employed with Grace since 1977 .
In 2015 , Joseph C. Passalaqua and Alfonso Knoll resigned from HighLight Networks , Inc. pursuant to a change of control upon the execution of the SPA , and Jose R. Mayorquin was appointed as President , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer and Chairman .
These increases were partially offset by an $ 8 million loss from ELECTRONIC ARTS INC . cash flow hedging activities incurred during the nine months ended December 31 , 2015 .
Robert G. Hunter , M.D. has served as a director of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP since 1998 .
In September 2015 , Ms. Summers became chairman of the Audit Committee and in November 2016 , as Alcatel - Lucent was sold to Nokia , she resigned from that board .
Date : November 3 , 2017 /s/ STEVEN K. YOUNG Steven K. Young Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
The individuals with whom Samir meets do not conduct business with FTI CONSULTING INC Company , but Samir values their outside opinions and does not feel that FTI Consulting s confidential information is being compromised in any way .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with this report of Equity Bancshares , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Brad S. Elliott , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EQUITY BANCSHARES INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of my knowledge : .
On October 23 , 2013 , InspireMD , Inc. and InspireMD Ltd. entered into a Loan and Security Agreement ( the Loan and Security Agreement ) , pursuant to which a lender made a term loan to InspireMD , Inc. and InspireMD Ltd. in the aggregate amount of $ 10 million ( the Loan ) .
On August 16 , 2010 , DEXTERA SURGICAL INC entered into a license agreement with Intuitive Surgical Operations , Inc , or Intuitive Surgical , ( the License Agreement ) pursuant to which DEXTERA SURGICAL INC granted to Intuitive Surgical a worldwide , sublicenseable , exclusive license to use DEXTERA SURGICAL INC s intellectual property in the robotics field in diagnostic or therapeutic medical procedures , but excluding vascular anastomosis applications , for an upfront license fee of $ 9.0 million .
Pursuant to these laws , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT are required to obtain various environmental permits from environmental regulatory agencies for CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT operations .
In the event Dr. Goldenberg 's employment terminates as provided in Section 13(c)(iv ) , for a period of two ( 2 ) years following the date of termination of employment or for a period three ( 3 ) years following the date of termination of employment , in the event that Dr. Goldenberg 's employment terminates as provided in Section 13(c)(iv ) within the two years following such Change in Control , ( the " Severance Period " ) , IMMUNOMEDICS INC will , to the extent permitted under the Code , continue to provide to Dr. Goldenberg all of the benefits of his employment , as if he remained employed , as set out in Section 5(c ) , except that Immunomedics shall , during the Severance Period , pay Dr. Goldenberg each month an amount equal to the monthly COBRA medical insurance costs under Immunomedics ' medical plan for Dr. Goldenberg and any eligible dependent(s ) ( less any required employee payments calculated as if Dr. Goldenberg had continued to be an employee ) , and all other employee benefits pursuant to Section 5(c ) which are subject to COBRA .
Changyou s net income /(loss ) attributable to Sohu.com Inc. is determined using the percentage that the weighted average number of Changyou shares held by Sohu.com Inc. represents of the weighted average number of Changyou ordinary shares and shares issuable upon the exercise or settlement of share - based awards under the treasury stock method , and not by using the percentage held by Sohu.com Inc. of the total economic interest in Changyou , which is used for the calculation of basic net income per share .
JEWETT CAMERON TRADING CO LTD , through its subsidiaries , operates out of facilities located in North Plains , Oregon .
Alfredo T. de C rdenas 1 joined SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC in April 2008 and currently serves as President of Global Sales and Service , Chief Sales Officer , a role he assumed in August 2014 .
Although Mr. Hansen owes Ominto , Inc. certain fiduciary duties as a director of Ominto , Inc , the interests of Mr. Hansen may conflict with , or differ from , the interests of other holders of Ominto , Inc. common stock .
For example , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . franchise agreements with BKC require that CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . restaurants comply with specified design criteria .
CYBEROPTICS CORP also have entered into an agreement to supply Nordson with high - precision 3D sensor subsystems for the SMT market .
STK Westwood operates the food and beverage operations and a restaurant known as STK , in the W Hotel in Los Angeles , California .
During the year ended December 31 , 2015 , SOTHERLY HOTELS LP used approximately $ 25.5 million to acquire the remaining 75.0 % ownership interest in the Crowne Plaza Hollywood Beach Resort .
At the end of the Purchase Period , 1347 Property Insurance Holdings , Inc. will issue to each participating Officer and Director a total of two RSUs for each share of 1347 Property Insurance Holdings , Inc. s common stock purchased during the Purchase Period , subject to a maximum of 40,000 RSUs for 1347 Property Insurance Holdings , Inc. s Chief Executive Officer , Mr. Raucy , 40,000 RSUs for 1347 Property Insurance Holdings , Inc. s Chief Financial Officer , Mr. Hill , 20,000 RSUs for 1347 Property Insurance Holdings , Inc. s Chief Underwriting Officer , Mr. Stroud , and 6,666 RSUs for each of 1347 Property Insurance Holdings , Inc. s non - employee Directors .
In January 2015 , SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC acquired a 25.4 % interest in Full Measure Education , Inc. for $ 4.0 million .
Specifically , after reviewing relevant market data and surveys within Antero Midstream Partners LP industry , Messrs. Rady and Warren typically provide recommendations to the Compensation Committee regarding the compensation levels for Antero Midstream Partners LP existing Named Executive Officers and Antero Midstream Partners LP executive compensation program as a whole .
( 5 ) UNIT CORP formed The Unit 1984 Oil and Gas Limited Partnership and the 1986 Energy Income Limited Partnership along with private limited partnerships ( the Partnerships ) with certain qualified employees , officers and directors from 1984 through 2011 .
On August 1 , 2013 , CADC Delaware consummated a reincorporation merger with its newly formed wholly - owned subsidiary , China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc. ( China ACM ) , a Nevada corporation , with CADC Delaware merging into China ACM and China ACM being the surviving company , for the purpose of changing CADC Delaware s state of incorporation from Delaware to Nevada .
Mr. Wong has served in multiple roles at TSG since 2011 , including most recently as Senior Vice President .
GTT Communications , Inc. believe that GTT Communications , Inc. cash flows from operating activities , in addition to cash on - hand , will be sufficient to fund GTT Communications , Inc. operating activities and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future , and in any event for at least the next 12 to 18 months .
The increase in net revenues was primarily due to an increase of approximately $ 27.9 million in APAACO s revenues resulting from the new NGACO contract with CMS , pursuant to which Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. started to receive capitation from CMS in this quarter , an increase of approximately $ 2.5 million in AMH s revenues and an increase of $ 0.3 million in BAHA s revenues , both of which resulted from the new hospitalist contracts that started in the second quarter of fiscal year 2017 , and an increase of $ 0.1 million in SCHC s revenues related to increased patient visits .
Stanley C. Horton Stanley C. Horton President , Chief Executive Officer and Director ( principal executive officer ) .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT depend on an adequate water supply to meet the present and future demands of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT customers .
The following discussion and analysis addresses ( i ) CAPITAL SENIOR LIVING CORP s results of operations on a historical consolidated basis for the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 , and ( ii ) liquidity and capital resources of CAPITAL SENIOR LIVING CORP and should be read in conjunction with CAPITAL SENIOR LIVING CORP s historical consolidated financial statements and the selected financial data contained elsewhere in this report .
The undersigned , Mark A. Casale , President , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Essent Group Ltd. ( the Company ) , and Lawrence E. McAlee , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Essent Group Ltd , each hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of his knowledge : .
In June 2017 , AMAZON COM INC entered into an agreement to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Whole Foods Market , Inc. for approximately $ 13.7 billion , including Whole Foods Market s net debt .
Dan Huberty has served as MVP REIT , Inc. President since March 2016 .
On May 1 , 2015 , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp increased the aggregate commitments under Macquarie Infrastructure Corp revolving credit facility from $ 250.0 million to $ 360.0 million , with all terms remaining the same , and subsequently , on August 25 , 2015 , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp increased the commitments from $ 360.0 million to $ 410.0 million , with all terms remaining the same .
Effective February 1 , 2016 , Steven Ross was appointed as a director of the General Partner and Frank Smith resigned as a director of the General Partner .
On November 18 , 2016 , MGT CAPITAL INVESTMENTS INC agreed to enter into an employment agreement with John McAfee pursuant to which Mr. McAfee will join MGT CAPITAL INVESTMENTS INC as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of MGT CAPITAL INVESTMENTS INC at the closing of the transaction contemplated in the D Vasive APA .
CIGNA CORP completed certain acquisitions during the three years ended December 31 , 2016 that were not material to CIGNA CORP 's results of operations , liquidity or financial condition .
Previously , Mr. Ross served as President ( 2010 - 2011 ) and President and CEO ( 2011 - 2012 ) of KnowledgeWorks , an educational non - profit that provides innovative teaching pedagogies .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. ( the Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , William B. Shepro , as Chief Executive Officer of Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A , and Indroneel Chatterjee , as Chief Financial Officer of Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , that : .
Mr. Henry resigned from all positions with ONELIFE TECHNOLOGIES CORP effective as of April 21 , 2017 , including President , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Sole - Director .
Mark A Schroeder , Chairman and CEO .
ExpressJet s operating revenue decreased by $ 1 76 .
( 2 ) NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC s subsidiary , NTE , has an overdraft facility with HSBC Bank plc whereby the bank would cover any overdrafts up to 300,000 , or approximately $ 389,610 .
In addition , Jefferies Group LLC improved results in 2017 reflect continued strengthening of Jefferies Group LLC sales and trading team .
In 2016 , MOBILEIRON , INC . financing activities provided $ 6.0 million of cash .
Prior to joining GULFSLOPE ENERGY , INC , Mr. Seitz held positions of increasing responsibility at Anadarko Petroleum Corporation ( NYSE : APC ) , serving most recently as a director and as president and chief executive officer until 2003 .
Prior to Gymboree Corporation , Ms. Maher held several positions with Levi , Strauss Co. since 2007 , most recently as Executive Vice President , Retail .
On August 21 , 2012 Alan Vituli , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . former chairman and chief executive officer , filed an action in the Superior Court of the State of Delaware against us and Carrols .
Net revenues As a result of the foregoing factors , EMERSON RADIO CORP s net revenues were $ 3.0 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2018 as compared to $ 6.6 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 , a decrease of $ 3.6 million , or 54.8 % .
Jonathan D. Gray is Global Head of Real Estate and a member of the board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner .
On December 1 , 2015 , nFusz , Inc. entered into an Unsecured Note agreement with a consulting firm owned by Michael Psomas , a former member of nFusz , Inc. s Board of Directors , in the amount of $ 111,901 representing unpaid fees earned for consulting services previously rendered but unpaid as of November 30 , 2015 .
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires the appropriate application of certain accounting policies , many of which require us to make estimates and assumptions about future events and their impact on amounts reported in COMMUNITY TRUST BANCORP INC /KY/ consolidated financial statements and related notes .
We sub - lease 1,200 square feet of office space at 590 York Road , Unit 3 , Niagara On The Lake , Ontario , CANADA L0S 1J0 , from a Canadian company owned by Paul Parliament , Bravo Multinational Inc. chairman and president , under a sub - lease that runs from April 10 , 2015 , to May 20 , 2017 , at a rate of $ 1,884 per month .
Mr. Ellis is also the Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer of LINN Energy and has served in such capacity since December 2011 .
As requested by the Compensation Committee , Northern Tier Energy LP 's Executive Chairman - Paul L. Foster , Chief Executive Officer - Jeff A. Stevens , and former Vice President , Assistant Treasurer and Assistant Secretary - Scott D. Weaver , may from time to time , provide information and recommendations relating to Northern Tier Energy LP 's other executive officers ' ( including named executive officers ' ) compensation .
Mr. Phipps is the founder of GTC and its former President .
While Guidewire Software , Inc. have no plans to repatriate these funds to the United States in the short term , if Guidewire Software , Inc. choose to do so , Guidewire Software , Inc. would be required to accrue and pay additional taxes on any portion of the repatriation where no United States income tax had been previously provided .
A. Michael Stolarski , a member of SANUWAVE Health , Inc. s board of directors and an existing shareholder of SANUWAVE Health , Inc , was a purchaser in the 2016 Equity Offering of $ 75,000 .
Similarly , if before the completion of the Merger the market price of Opexa common stock increases from the market price on the date of the Merger Agreement , then Acer securityholders could receive Merger consideration with substantially more value for their shares of Acer capital stock than the parties had negotiated for in the establishment of the Exchange Ratio .
Summary Compensation Table The following table presents , for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 , for the nine month period from April 1 , 2014 to December 31 , 2014 ( the Stub Period ) , and for the year ended March 31 , 2014 , the compensation of Mr. Lodzinski , EARTHSTONE ENERGY INC principal executive officer ; Mr. Wonson , EARTHSTONE ENERGY INC principal financial officer during the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 ; and Messrs. Anderson , Merrifield and Singleton , EARTHSTONE ENERGY INC three most highly - compensated executive officers ( other than the principal executive officer and principal financial officer ) during the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 ( collectively , the named executive officers or NEOs ) .
In June 2015 , SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC acquired a 24.5 % interest in QuanticMind , Inc , formerly InsideVault , Inc , for $ 7.0 million .
In April 2014 , HP Inc. and HP Inc. subsidiaries in Russia , Poland , and Mexico collectively entered into agreements with the U.S. Department of Justice ( " DOJ " ) and the Securities and Exchange Commission ( " SEC " ) to resolve claims of Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ( " FCPA " ) violations .
Prior to that , Dr. Stoll worked for American Hospital Supply Corp , where he rose from Director of Clinical Pharmacology to President of its American Critical Care Division .
These uses of cash were partially offset by $ 87.3 million of proceeds from sales / maturities of investments ( principally seed capital investments ) and $ 31.7 million of distributions primarily received from IFDS L.P. related to the acquisition of the remaining interests in BFDS and IFDS from State Street during 2017 .
The decrease in impairment charges during the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 is the result of a decrease in expected lease expirations due to the increase in Eclipse Resources Corp s planned future drilling activity .
Executive Vice President and Chief Business Officer ; George H. Collins .
Accordingly , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . public disclosure should be reviewed in light of the fact that no governmental agency that is located in China , where substantially all of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . operations and business are located , has conducted any due diligence on YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . operations or reviewed or cleared any of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
From December 2006 to October 2010 , Mr. Batinovich served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Glenborough Acquisition Co , a company formed by an affiliate of Morgan Stanley which acquired Glenborough Realty Trust , a NYSE - listed REIT , in 2006 in a transaction valued at $ 1.9 billion .
IEG Holdings Corp is headquartered in Las Vegas , Nevada and originates consumer loans in the states of Alabama , Arizona , California , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maryland , Missouri , Nevada , New Jersey , New Mexico , Ohio , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Texas , Utah , and Virginia via its online platform and distribution network .
From January 2013 to July 2013 , Mr. Sill served as Acting Chief Financial Officer and Acting Treasurer .
Of DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC eight directors serving on DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC Board , Dr. Horst A. Schmid , Mr. Curtis Sparrow and Mr. Malik Youyou have been determined by DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC Board not to be independent directors under director independence standards noted above .
State insurance law , and not Federal bankruptcy law , would apply to any insolvency or financially hazardous condition of Essent Group Ltd. U.S. insurance subsidiaries .
If Intersect ENT , Inc. expand Intersect ENT , Inc. operations outside the United States , Intersect ENT , Inc. products and operations will be required to comply with standards set by foreign regulatory bodies , and those standards , types of evaluation and scope of review differ among foreign regulatory bodies .
As of December 31 , 2016 , Terreno Realty Corp owned 47 buildings and approximately 2.9 million square feet located in Northern New Jersey / New York City , which accounted for approximately 23.9 % of its annualized base rent and 27 buildings and approximately 2.8 million square feet located in Washington , D.C./Baltimore , which accounted for approximately 23.9 % of its annualized base rent .
In making its determinations , Fortress Investment Group LLC Board considered all relevant facts and circumstances , as required by applicable NYSE listing standards , including continuing co - investment in real property among Messrs. Barry , Edens , and Nardone and the employment of Mr. Wellde s daughter by Fortress Investment Group LLC and Mr. Rantz s daughter as part of Fortress Investment Group LLC s summer internship program .
Amounts reflect adjustments to the expected tax benefit ( expense ) for statutory rates in jurisdictions in which Liberty Global plc operate outside of the U.K. The components of the Liberty Global Group s deferred tax assets are as follows : .
On December 2 , 2016 , Premier , Inc. acquired 100 % of the membership interests in Essensa ( see Note 3 - Business Acquisitions ) .
Certificate of Timothy G. Biltz , President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C , Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
The non - tertiary production increase was primarily due to the additional three months of production in 2014 from the purchase of additional interests in the CCA in late - March 2013 .
On September 18 , 2015 , Ambient Water Corporation ( the Company ) entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement ( the Purchase Agreement ) and a Registration Rights Agreement ( the Registration Rights Agreement ) with accredited investor , River North Equity , LLC ( River North ) .
In the Reverse Merger , PETROTERRA CORP . purchased all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Save on Transport from Steven Yariv , and in exchange , PETROTERRA CORP . issued 114,202,944 shares of PETROTERRA CORP . common stock , par value $ 0.001 per share ( the Common Stock ) , to Steven Yariv , and Steven Yariv was appointed Chief Executive Officer and elected as the Chairman of PETROTERRA CORP . Board of Directors .
IBERIABANK CORP acquired all of the outstanding common stock of the former Georgia Commerce shareholders for total consideration of $ 190.3 million , which resulted in goodwill of $ 87.3 million , as shown in the table below .
CENTENE CORP 's California subsidiary , Health Net of California , Inc. ( Health Net California ) , has been named as a defendant in a California taxpayer action filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court , captioned as Michael D. Myers v. State Board of Equalization , et al , Los Angeles
Prior to that , Dr. Ehlers was the George Barth Geller Professor of Neurobiology and an Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute at Duke University Medical Center .
If cash tax liabilities are owed as a result of LinnCo , LLC share of LINN Energy s taxable income and LinnCo , LLC do not have sufficient cash to pay LinnCo , LLC tax liabilities , the value of LinnCo , LLC shares could be materially reduced .
Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice ( Grant Notice ) and this Stock Option Agreement , Counsel RB Capital Inc. ( the Company ) has granted you , Kirk Dove ( the Optionee ) , an option under its to purchase the number of shares of Heritage Global Inc. s common stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice .
( 1 ) James M. Cassidy , the president and a director of CHINA BIOTECH HOLDINGS Ltd ( del ) , is the sole shareholder and director of Tiber Creek Corporation , a Delaware corporation , which company has agreed to assist the Company in registering its stock and introductions to the brokerage community .
Sohu Video Revenues from Sohu Video were $ 18.9 million and $ 62.3 million , respectively , for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , compared to $ 25.4 million and $ 98.4 million , respectively , for the corresponding periods in 2016 .
Shiho Matsuoka , the wife of Stemcell Holdings , Inc. sole officer and director Takaaki Matsuoka , owns and controls 100 % of Primavera Singa Pte , Ltd.
An $ 11 million decrease in FERC wholesale municipal and cooperative revenues primarily due to formula rate adjustments .
Business - Restaurant Locations , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . own a building with approximately 25,300 square feet at 968 James Street , Syracuse , New York , which houses CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . executive offices and most of CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . administrative operations for CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC .
On September 20 , 2017 , Anthem , Inc. announced that Anthem , Inc. entered into an agreement to acquire HealthSun Health Plans , Inc , or HealthSun , which serves approximately forty thousand members through its Medicare Advantage plans in the state of Florida .
other risks associated with MOSAIC CO international operations , including any potential adverse effects related to MOSAIC CO joint venture interest in the Miski Mayo mine in the event that protests against natural resource companies in Peru were to extend to or impact the Miski Mayo mine ; .
TELETECH HOLDINGS INC tested the investment in Caf X for impairment and concluded that the investment was not impaired at March 31 , 2017 or December 31 , 2016 .
Certification of Mark T. Behrman , Chief Financial Officer , furnished pursuant to Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , Section 906 .
In sum , Mr. Wells has over fourteen years of experience in finance , sales and general management with GE .
acquisition , inc . May. Precise Acquisition , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( the Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on January 30 , 2017 with the name Precise Acquisition , Inc.
The following discussion provides additional information on IBERIABANK CORP s operating results for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 , segregated by major income statement caption .
On January 7 , 2016 , Captain Parker entered into a Multifamily Loan and Security Agreement ( the Loan Agreement ) with K eyBank National Association ( the Lender ) .
I , Andrew S. Marsh , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Entergy Arkansas , Inc. ( the " Company " ) , certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
For example , through the Sunrise Acquisition , SunOpta Inc. have acquired significant operations in Mexico , including a facility in the State of Michoac n , near areas where there have been incidents of unrest , which may heighten the risks of SunOpta Inc. international operations described above .
China Modern Agricultural Information , Inc. terminated the agreement with Mengniu on August 28 , 2017 .
VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC U.S. statutory rate for 2015 was 34 % .
S. W. Connally , Jr. - Mr. Connally was elected Chairman in July 2015 and has served as President , Chief Executive Officer , and Director since July 2012 .
The warrant could be exercised at any time during the five year period following the full repayment of the loan ; the exercise price could be paid in cash or through a cashless exercise feature ; and the warrant granted certain registration rights to Sl inte applicable to all shares of United Cannabis Corp common stock owned or controlled by Sl inte , including shares issued upon exercise of the warrant .
On November 18 , 2013 , Marathon Patent Group , Inc. entered into Amendment No . 1 to the Executive Employment Agreement with Marathon Patent Group , Inc. Chief Executive Officer and Chairman , Doug Croxall , pursuant to which Mr. Croxall s base salary was raised to $ 480,000 , subject to a 3 % increase every year commencing on November 14 , 2014 .
On July 24 , 2012 , ( i ) Icahn Enterprises and Icahn Capital entered into an amendment to the Co - Manager Agreement with Brett Icahn ( the Amended Icahn Enterprises Co - Manager Agreement ) , and ( ii ) High River Limited Partnership ( ' ' High River ' ' ) , an affiliate of Carl C. Icahn , entered into a new co - manager agreement with Brett Icahn ( such co - manager agreements , collectively the ' ' High River Co - Manager Agreement , ' ' and together with the Amended Icahn Enterprises Co - Manager Agreement , the 2012 Co - Manager Agreement ) .
Obtaining FDA approval for brincidofovir or any of CHIMERIX INC other products in the United States does not mean CHIMERIX INC will ever obtain approval for or commercialize brincidofovir or any of CHIMERIX INC other products outside of the United States , nor does approval of brincidofovir or any of CHIMERIX INC other products outside the United States mean CHIMERIX INC will ever obtain approval for or commercialize brincidofovir or any of CHIMERIX INC other products inside the United States , all of which could limit CHIMERIX INC ability to realize their full market potential .
As of December 31 , 2016 , IRONCLAD PERFORMANCE WEAR CORP .
WILLIS TOWERS WATSON PLC operate the largest private Medicare exchange in the United States ( U.S. ) .
FS Energy & Power Fund may experience fluctuations in FS Energy & Power Fund quarterly results .
Date : November 6 , 2017 /s/ MATTHEW M. WALSH Matthew M. Walsh Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
Prior to VMware , Diane held technical leadership positions at Silicon Graphics Inc , a provider of technical computing , storage and data center solutions , Tandem Computers , Inc , a manufacturer of computer systems , and Sybase Inc , an enterprise software and services company , and was Chief Executive Officer of VXtreme , Inc , a developer of streaming media solutions .
C & C TOURS INC net loss increased to $ 7,382 for the 2017 first quarter compared to $ 7,202 for the 2016 first quarter .
MUFG Americas Holdings Corp also provides various business , banking , financial , administrative and support services , and facilities for BTMU in connection with the operation and administration of all of BTMU 's business in the U.S. ( including BTMU 's U.S. branches ) .
Mr. McGonigle has been the Chief Financial Officer since December 2002 and an Executive Vice President since July 1996 and a Senior Vice President since May 1995 .
VistaGen Therapeutics , Inc. Audit Committee is comprised of Mr. Saxe , who serves as the committee chairman , Dr. Underdown and Dr. Gin .
( 4 ) Mr. Welters was appointed as a member of the board of directors of Carlyle Group L.P. general partner in October 2015 .
Engage Mobility , Inc were incorporated , under the name MarketKast , Inc , under the laws of the State of Florida on December 28 , 2011 , to serve as a provider of mobile marketing services , online and mobile video production , distribution , syndication and marketing services for business owners .
Approximately 64 % of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. 2015 sales are generated outside the United States and GCP Applied Technologies Inc. operate in over 40 countries .
Mr. Phipps was appointed as Orbital Tracking Corp. Chief Executive Officer , President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer on February 19 , 2015 .
Medovex Corp. is required to file federal income tax returns and state income tax returns in the states of Florida , Georgia and Minnesota .
Pursuant to corporate law in the PRC , China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. is required to transfer 10 % of its net income , as determined under PRC accounting rules and regulations , to a statutory reserve fund until such reserve balance reaches 50 % of China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. 's registered capital .
Name : Jeff Osborn , BEng Mining , MMSAQP Title : Principal Consultant , SRK Consulting ( U.S. ) , Inc. s107345_ex31-1.htm .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Palayan Resources , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Joel Dulatre Cortez , President of Palayan Resources , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ,
In addition , substantially all of SILICON LABORATORIES INC products that SILICON LABORATORIES INC . have sold include technology related to one or more of SILICON LABORATORIES INC issued U.S. patents .
Stephen A. Weintraub Heritage Global Inc. former Executive Vice President , Corporate Secretary and Chief Financial Officer who resigned from these positions effective May 5 , 2015 , as more fully described on Heritage Global Inc.
If during the Term the Executive becomes physically or mentally disabled , whether totally or partially , so that the Executive is unable to perform his essential job functions hereunder for a period aggregating 180 days during any twelve - month period , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . may , by written notice to the Executive , terminate the Executive s employment , in which event the Term shall terminate thirty ( 30 ) days after the date upon which YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
Verastem On October 29 , 2016 , INFINITY PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . and Verastem entered into a license agreement , which INFINITY PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . and Verastem amended and restated on November 1 , 2016 , effective as of October 29 , 2016 .
On December 13 , 2016 ( Closing Date ) , Ominto , Inc. entered into a Share Exchange Agreement ( the Quant Agreement ) with Quant Systems , Inc. ( Quant ) , pursuant to which Quant acquired eight hundred three thousand five hundred seventy - one ( 803,571 ) shares ( the Ominto Shares ) of Ominto , Inc. s common stock ( Common Stock ) , valued at $ 4.00 per share and in exchange , Quant issued and transferred to Ominto , Inc , all rights , title , and interest in and to shares of Quant s common stock that represents an aggregate of 18.75 % of the issued and outstanding common stock of Quant on a fully diluted basis .
Steven E. Swain _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Name : Steven E. Swain Title : Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
APPLIED OPTOELECTRONICS , INC . use a proprietary MBE laser manufacturing process that requires customized equipment , and this process is currently conducted and located solely at APPLIED OPTOELECTRONICS , INC . wafer fabrication facility in Sugar Land , Texas , such that a natural disaster , terrorist attack or other catastrophic event that affects that facility would materially harm APPLIED OPTOELECTRONICS , INC . operations .
Further , the Board has determined that Deanna L. Cannon , Audit Committee Chair , and Messrs. William A. Bruckmann III and Clyde W. Smith , Jr , also members of the Audit Committee , are each an audit committee financial expert , as such term is defined in Item 407 of Regulation S - K promulgated by the SEC .
Excluding political revenues , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC local media revenues were up $ 387.0 million for 2014 when compared to 2013 , of which $ 345.0 million related to the stations acquired in 2014 .
CA Aldwych , which is wholly - owned by TOG UK , was formed on July 4 , 2012 under the laws of the United Kingdom .
There is the possibility that states could revoke CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT franchises and allow a governmental entity to take over some or all of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT systems .
Dr. Davis received his bachelor s degree from Southeast Missouri State University and his Ph.D. in Analytical Chemistry from Purdue University studying under Dr. Peter Kissinger , founder of BASi .
Because of his leadership experience , role as Chief Executive Officer and history with Planet Fitness , Planet Fitness , Inc. believe Mr. Rondeau is well qualified to serve on Planet Fitness , Inc. board of directors .
The consolidated net assets and results of operations of Equity One are included in the consolidated financial statements from the closing date , March 1 , 2017 through March 31 , 2017 .
The decrease was attributable to a $ 3.5 million decrease in retirement expenses primarily related to the retirement of two former executives during 2016 , a $ 0.7 million decrease in acquisition costs , offset by a $ 0.9 million increase in salaries and benefits for leadership investments in CARRIAGE SERVICES INC Houston support office , a $ 0.7 million increase in public company , regulatory and legal costs related to tax planning , filing CARRIAGE SERVICES INC current shelf registration statement and adopting a new long - term incentive plan , a $ 0.6 million increase in other general administrative costs and a $ 0.3 million increase in incentive and equity compensation .
In various jurisdictions in which MOSAIC CO operate , particularly Florida and Louisiana , MOSAIC CO are required to pass a financial strength test or provide credit support , typically in the form of cash deposits , surety bonds or letters of credit .
Richard C. Riley Andrew S. Marsh Director and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Entergy Arkansas , Inc , Entergy Louisiana , LLC , Entergy Mississippi , Inc , Entergy New Orleans , Inc , Entergy Texas , Inc. and System Energy Resources , Inc. Richard C. Riley Director , Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer of Entergy Arkansas , Inc. Entergy Arkansas , Inc. Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer - Richard C. Riley ( principal executive officer ) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer - Andrew S. Marsh ( principal financial officer ) .
In addition , Mr. Quist has been Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since 2010 , and Vice President from 2008 to 2010 , of C J Financial , LLC , a wholly owned subsidiary of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP , which funds the purchase of funeral and burial policies from funeral homes after the death of the insureds .
For example , Gigamon Inc. products are subject to various U.S. and foreign governmental regulations limiting the electromagnetic interference that Gigamon Inc. products can safely emit .
Apollo Global Management LLC had an approximate 8.8 % economic ownership interest in Athene Holding as of June 30 , 2017 , which comprises Apollo s direct 8.3 % economic ownership interest in Athene Holding plus an additional 0.5 % economic ownership interest , which is calculated as the sum of Apollo Global Management LLC s approximate 2.2 % economic ownership interest in AAA and Apollo Global Management LLC s approximate 0.055 % economic ownership interest in AAA Investments , multiplied by AAA Investments approximate 26.2 % economic ownership interest in Athene , calculated without giving effect to restricted common shares issued under Athene s management equity plan as of June 30 , 2017 .
( a ) Refer to Note 2 for further discussion of billing credits that began in 2014 related to the approved settlement agreement for IPL s Iowa retail electric rates .
Loan Agreements with JDF Capital Inc. $ 500,000 Loan On March 15 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with JDF , pursuant to which JDF provided us with an aggregate investment of $ 500,000 in consideration of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issuance of convertible promissory notes and common share purchase warrants .
If SemiLEDs Corp common stock is delisted by NASDAQ , SemiLEDs Corp expect prices for SemiLEDs Corp common stock to be quoted on the Pink Sheets LLC or the OTC Bulletin Board .
Mahe joined Pitney Bowes in 2007 as President , Asia Pacific , Middle East and Africa .
Battlers Corp. ( the Company , Battlers Corp , us or our ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 3 , 2016 .
A large number of appraisal review boards denied Archrock , Inc. position , although some accepted it , and Archrock , Inc. wholly - owned subsidiary , Archrock Services Leasing LLC , formerly known as EES Leasing LLC ( EES Leasing ) , and Archrock Partners subsidiary , Archrock Partners Leasing LLC , formerly known as EXLP Leasing LLC ( EXLP Leasing ) filed 176 petitions for review in the appropriate district courts with respect to the 2012 tax year , 109 petitions for review in the appropriate district courts with respect to the 2013 tax year , 115 petitions for review in the appropriate district courts with respect to the 2014 tax year , 120 petitions for r eview in the appropriate district courts with respect to the 2015 tax year , and 113 petitions for review in the appropriate district courts with respect to the 2016 tax year .
From March 2006 until February 2008 , Mr. Shore served as the chief financial officer of Cellnets Solutions Ltd , a provider of advanced cellular public telephony solutions for low to middle income populations of developing countries based in Azur , Israel .
Prior to La Quinta Holdings Inc. IPO on April 14 , 2014 , La Quinta Holdings Inc. operated primarily as limited liability companies treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes , REIT entities , and taxable entities .
On March 3 , 2016 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with David Phipps , its Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer , effective January 1 , 2016 .
Included in the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization of II - VI INC s intangible assets is the effect of foreign currency translation on that portion of the intangible assets relating to II - VI INC s German , U.K. and Chinese subsidiaries .
From March 2004 to May 2006 , Mr. Marshall served as General Manager of Rio Tinto s Pilbara Iron s west Pilbara iron ore operations in Tom Price , West Australia , from June 2001 to March 2004 , he served as General Manager of RTEA s Cordero Rojo Mine in Wyoming , and from August 2000 to June 2001 , he served as Operations Manager of RTEA s Cordero Rojo Mine .
In connection with the Annual Report of Security National Financial Corporation ( the " Company " ) on Form 10 - K for the period ending December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , I , Garrett S. Sill , Vice President , Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of my knowledge and belief : .
As of June 30 , 2017 , RW HOLDINGS NNN REIT , INC . owned 14 properties in 7 states consisting of retail , office and industrial properties and an approximate 4.36 % interest in an affiliated REIT .
For an overview of RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC Capital Markets segment operations , refer to the information presented in Item 1 , Business , on pages 6 - 7 of RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC 2016 Form 10 - K , as well as the description of the key factors impacting RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC Capital Markets segment results of operations discussed on pages 48 - 50 of RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC 2016 Form 10 - K. Quarter ended June 30 , 2017 compared with the quarter ended June 30 , 2016 Capital Markets .
In July 2015 , SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC received $ 1.7 million in cash proceeds from escrow related to the sale of SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC ownership interests in partner company Alverix , Inc. in January 2014 .
At March 31 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , the assets and liabilities of the VIEs consisted primarily of property , plant and equipment , deferral related to differential membership interests and long - term debt .
The following table provides information about the directors of Fenix : Director Position with Fenix Parts , Inc. Age Kent Robertson Chief Executive Officer and Director Gary Beagell Director Steven Dayton Director J. Michael McFall Director Seth Myones Director Thomas O ' Brien Director Clayton Trier Director .
On April 4 , 2017 , GRE , IDT Energy , and other GRE subsidiaries entered into a Credit Agreement with Vantage for a $ 20 million revolving line of credit .
A cash distribution on such shares generally will be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes to the extent the distribution is paid out of FlatWorld Acquisition Corp. current or accumulated earnings and profits ( as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles ) .
On January 3 , 2017 , NORDSON CORP purchased certain assets of ACE Production Technologies , Inc. ( ACE ) , a Spokane , Washington based designer and manufacturer of selective soldering systems used in a variety of automotive and industrial electronics assembly applications .
In addition to the initial franchise fee , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . generally pay BKC a monthly royalty .
Net cash used in operating activities was $ 37.8 million for the year ended December 31 , 2015 and consisted of Immune Design Corp. net loss of $ 39.4 million offset by non - cash charges of $ 0.2 million for depreciation and amortization and $ 6.3 million for stock - based compensation expense .
To participate in the FHLB advance program , HILLS BANCORPORATION is required to have an investment in FHLB stock .
David W. Hitchcock joined SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC in June 2007 and currently serves as SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC Executive Vice President , Global Product Management and Development , a role he assumed in April 2015 .
WESTERN DIGITAL CORP may not always agree with Toshiba on WESTERN DIGITAL CORP joint R D roadmap or expansions or conversions of production capacity .
Enrique Mayor - Mora Name : Enrique Mayor - Mora Title : Vice President and Treasurer .
Prior to Antero , Mr. Rady served as President , CEO and Chairman of Pennaco Energy from 1998 until its sale to Marathon in early 2001 .
As a result of the issuance of shares of Illumination America , Inc. s Common Stock in exchange for the outstanding shares of Grom , upon closing the stockholders of Grom will become stockholders of Illumination America , Inc. and the Grom shareholders will own approximately 92 % of Illumination America , Inc. s then issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock .
BGC Partners , Inc. brokerage revenues from energy and commodities increased by $ 26.7 million , or 13.6 % , to $ 222.9 million for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
Mr. Silzer is a product designer who has developed multiple new product concepts and successfully introduced these products to market including the world s first handheld bingo gaming unit , the first handheld and color handheld GPS golf units and the first Wi - Fi enabled GPS golf business solution .
Reported sales , costs and expenses at BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC foreign subsidiaries , when translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes , can fluctuate due to exchange rate movement .
The purchasers in the offering included : Dr. Barer , the chairman of InspireMD , Inc. board of directors , who purchased 250,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock , for a purchase price of $ 1,000,000 , Osiris Investment Partners , L.P , of which Mr. Stuka , InspireMD , Inc. director , is the principal and managing member , which purchased 62,500 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 62,500 shares of common stock , for a purchase price of $ 250,000 and Mr. Milinazzo , InspireMD , Inc. president and chief executive officer , who purchased 12,500 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 12,500 shares of common stock , for a purchase price of $ 50,000 .
Ms. Regan - Pyne is a graduate of Eastern Connecticut State University .
The undersigned , Job Warshaw , being the President of LNR Partners , LLC ( the " Special Servicer " ) , as special servicer under.the applicable Pooling and Servicing Agreement for the transactions listed on Schedule I hereto , hereby certifies , subject to any limitations listed on Schedule I hereto , as of the date hereof , on behalf of the Special Servicer , solely in his capacity as an authorized officer of the Special Servicer and not in his individual capacity , as follows : .
These international subsidiaries primarily consist of SWIFT ENERGY CO New Zealand subsidiaries , which liquidated their assets in 2007 and 2008 .
It was founded by Dr. William T. Porter , a Professor of Physiology at Harvard Medical School and a pioneer of physiology education .
On January 23 , 2015 , Elbit Systems Land and C4I LTD and Elbit Systems of America Ltd. ( together referred to as Elbit ) filed a complaint against Hughes Satellite Systems Corp subsidiary HNS , as well as against Black Elk Energy Offshore Operations , LLC , Bluetide Communications , Inc. and Helm Hotels Group , in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas , alleging infringement of United States Patent Nos .
Exhibit 32 In accordance with 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , the undersigned Gregory A. Trojan , Chief Executive Officer of BJs RESTAURANTS INC , and Gregory S. Levin , Chief Financial Officer of BJs RESTAURANTS
As of June 30 , 2017 , GPT Operating Partnership LP has ownership interests in 52 industrial and office properties which are held in unconsolidated equity investments in the United States and Europe and two properties held through the investment in CBRE Strategic Partners Asia .
On April 27 , 2015 , SocialPlay USA , Inc. entered into an Exclusive License Agreement ( the Agreement ) with Social Play , Inc.
For U.S. federal income tax purposes , GOLUB CAPITAL BDC , Inc. include in income certain amounts that GOLUB CAPITAL BDC , Inc. have not yet received in cash , such as the accretion of original issue discount .
In the three months ended June 30 , 2017 , VIRTUSA CORP European revenue increased by 15.1 % , or $ 7.0 million , to $ 53.4 million , or 24 % of total revenue , from $ 46.4 million , or 23 % of total revenue in the three months ended June 30 , 2016 .
variations in SURGE COMPONENTS INC quarterly operating results ; .
Of the $ 57.1 million increase , Medicare and managed care revenue increased $ 26.1 million , or 17.2 % , Medicaid custodial revenue increased $ 24.0 million , or 20.9 % , private and other revenue increased $ 5.7 million , or 21.4 % , and Medicaid skilled revenue increased $ 1.3 million , or 6.2 % .
The value of stock options is directly related to the increase in value of Grace common stock , so stock options provide direct alignment between the interests of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. executive officers and shareholders .
Donald M. Boone Donald M. Boone , President / CEO / Treasurer / Director / CFO .
You should read this 10 - K and the documents that CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT incorporate by reference into this 10 - K completely and with the understanding that CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT actual future results , performance and achievements may be materially different from what CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT expect .
Ominto is a global e - commerce company that owns and operates global online shopping and loyalty websites along with a network marketing subsidiary , DubLi Network .
LOGITECH INTERNATIONAL SA produce approximately half of LOGITECH INTERNATIONAL SA products at facilities LOGITECH INTERNATIONAL SA own in China .
Ms. South has also served in HR leadership roles at Tenet Healthcare and Aetna US Healthcare .
The terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts , and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on ROSETTA STONE INC ability to commercialize ROSETTA STONE INC products .
If Delta or United were to cease to maintain any of these systems , close any of these facilities or no longer provide these services to us , due to termination of one of SKYWEST INC code share agreements , a strike or other labor interruption by Delta or United personnel or for any other reason , SKYWEST INC may not be able to obtain alternative systems , facilities or services on terms and conditions as favorable as those SKYWEST INC currently receive , or at all .
WHEREAS , the Delaware GP as general partner , and the Initial Limited Partner entered into an Initial Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement dated June 10 , 2014 ( the Original Agreement ) and formed an exempted limited partnership under the laws of the Cayman Islands under the name of BPP Core Asia Associates L.P. ; and WHEREAS , the Delaware GP and the Initial Limited Partner agreed to amend and restate the Original Agreement to make certain modifications by way of an Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement dated March 18 , 2015 ( the Existing Agreement ) .
Prior to serving in this position , Mr. Taylor served as Inogen Inc Vice President , Engineering from 2008 until March 2014 and as the Director of Technology with Inogen Inc company from 2003 to 2008 .
As a result of these transactions , CITRIX SYSTEMS INC s stockholders received approximately 26.9 million shares of LogMeIn common stock in the aggregate , or 0.171844291 of a share of LogMeIn common stock for each share of CITRIX SYSTEMS INC s common stock held of record by such stockholders on the Record Date .
Immune Design Corp. would cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of : ( i ) the first fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of Immune Design Corp. initial public offering in July 2014 ; ( ii ) the first fiscal year after Immune Design Corp. annual gross revenues are $ 1.0 billion or more ; ( iii ) the date on which Immune Design Corp. have , during the previous three - year period , issued more than $ 1.0 billion in non - convertible debt securities ; or ( iv ) as of the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of Immune Design Corp. common stock held by non - affiliates exceeded $ 700.0 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year .
Prior to joining Planet Fitness , Inc. Company in 1992 , Mr. Grondahl worked at a manufacturing company as a cost accountant .
POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . results in the year ended December 31 , 2015 included $ 48,000 of expense arising from an increase in the valuation of a contingent consideration liability as compared to $ 3,840,000 of income for the same period in 2014 .
ECB President Mario Draghi announced an expansion to the bond - buying program , new long - term loans to European banks and cuts to interest rates on March 10 , only for the euro to strengthen after he said he didn t see the need to cut rates again .
MacAndrews Forbes , which is wholly - owned by Ronald O. Perelman , at December 31 , 2015 beneficially owned 40,669,640 shares of Revlon , Inc. s Class A Common Stock , with a par value of $ 0.01 per share ( the Class A Common Stock ) ( 36,108,030 shares of which were beneficially owned by MacAndrews Forbes and 4,561,610 shares of which were beneficially owned by a family member of Mr. Perelman with respect to which shares MacAndrews Forbes holds a voting proxy ) .
In consideration of mutual releases between Richard Chiang and ANDES 7 INC , Mr. Chiang consented to ANDES 7 INC . s redemption of 9,900,000 shares at par value , i.e. $ 990 , which had previously been issued to him in serving in director and officer capacities .
In 2015 , Medidata Solutions , Inc. effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. statutory rate of 35 % primarily due to the tax benefit of federal and state research and development tax credits .
Futures In April 2015 Jefferies Group LLC entered into a definitive agreement to transfer certain of Jefferies Group LLC futures activities to Soci t G n rale S.A.
In both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions , there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the health care system that could impact Tocagen Inc ability to sell Tocagen Inc products profitably .
ARWCO Corporation , MAW Associates , LP and Warehime Enterprises , Inc. are significantly owned or controlled by Patricia A. Warehime , a member of SNYDER 'S - LANCE , INC . Board of Directors and a beneficial owner of more than 5.0 % of SNYDER 'S - LANCE , INC . common stock .
The banking facilities were guaranteed by Mr. Yunfei Li ( Mr. Li ) , CBAK Energy Technology , Inc. CEO , and Ms. Qinghui Yuan , Mr. Li s wife , Mr. Xianqian Li , CBAK Energy Technology , Inc. former CEO , Ms. Xiaoqiu Yu , the wife of CBAK Energy Technology , Inc. former CEO , Shenzhen BAK Battery Co , Ltd , CBAK Energy Technology , Inc. former subsidiary ( Shenzhen BAK ) .
During the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , approximately $ 0.6 million of Seven Stars Cloud Group , Inc. operating loss from Wecast SH was allocated to Dillon Yu , which was nil in the same period in 2016 .
There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in P&F INDUSTRIES INC 2016 Form 10 - K and subsequent Quarterly reports on Form 10 - Q. Item 2 .
Blackstone Group L.P. and Blackstone Group L.P. affiliates from time to time are required to report specified dealings or transactions involving Iran or other sanctioned individuals or entities .
As of February 28 , 2017 HISPANICA INTERNATIONAL DELIGHTS OF AMERICA , INC . had total current assets of $ 686,265 and total current liabilities of $ 1,352,872 resulting in negative working capital of $ 666,607 .
Apollo Global Management LLC had an approximate 8.9 % economic ownership interest in Athene Holding as of December 31 , 2016 , which comprises Apollo s direct ownership of 8.0 % of the economic ownership interest in Athene Holding plus an additional 0.9 % economic ownership interest , which is calculated as the sum of Apollo Global Management LLC s approximate 2.2 % economic ownership interest in AAA and Apollo Global Management LLC s approximate 0.055 % economic ownership interest in AAA Investments , multiplied by AAA Investments approximate 39.4 % economic ownership interest in Athene , calculated without giving effect to restricted common shares issued under Athene s management equity plan as of December 31 , 2016 .
From January 1993 to June 2001 , Mr. Pickett served as a member of the senior management team of Integrated Health Services , Inc , most recently as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
At September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , the carrying amount of Jones Lang LaSalle Income Property Trust , Inc. investment in Pioneer Tower was $ 116,652 and $ 120,725 , respectively .
In addition to factors described under Part II , Item 1A , Risk Factors , if any , and under the Risk Factor discussion in TrustCo s Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , the following important factors , among others , in some cases have affected and in the future could affect TrustCo s actual results and could cause TrustCo s actual financial performance to differ materially from that expressed in any forward - looking statement : .
Apawthecary Pets USA ( formerly Bookedbyus Inc. ) ( the Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 27 , 2007 .
For an in - depth discussion of the Registrants contractual obligations and off - balance sheet arrangements , see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Contractual Obligations and Off - Balance Sheet Arrangements in the Exelon 2016 Form 10 - K and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments .
These material weaknesses are more fully described in Item 9A of BioPharmX Corp Form 10 - K for the year ended January 31 , 2017 .
Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises , Inc. increased Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises , Inc. accrual by $ 1.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 .
LSB INDUSTRIES INC gross profit increased $ 20.4 million in 2014 when compared to 2013 .
As consideration for these services , Newgioco Group , Inc. agreed to pay Newbridge advisory fees of $ 15,000 and issue 50,000 restricted shares of common stock upon signing the agreement and 50,000 restricted shares of common stock upon the presentation of a Term Sheet .
These securities were issued to Kevin Nichols , the sole officer and director of Essense Water , Inc.
As more fully enumerated in the following management discussion and analysis , BAR HARBOR BANKSHARES s 2015 operating results were highlighted by loan and deposit growth of $ 71,046 and $ 84,738 or 7.7 % and 9.9 % , respectively , compared with December 31 , 2014 .
Mr. Czarnecki has served since 1994 as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and the principal stockholder of The Deltennium Group , Inc , which has interests in a range of principal investments , as well as a broad consulting practice that helps organizations achieve peak performance through effective leadership , focused strategy , effective organization and sound financial management .
25 % of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by Mr. Schwarzman in the reorganization in exchange for the contribution of his equity interests in Blackstone Group L.P. operating subsidiaries were fully vested , with the remaining 75 % vesting , subject to Mr. Schwarzman s continued employment , in equal installments on each anniversary of Blackstone Group L.P. initial public offering ( June 21 , 2007 ) over four years .
David Siegel has served on the boards of other public companies and is very familiar with the required public filings that a public company must make and as a result he is able to easily communicate with SURGE COMPONENTS INC s advisors , including their attorneys .
As of the end of the period covered by this report , Regen BioPharma Inc carried out an evaluation , under the supervision and with the participation of David Koos , who is Regen BioPharma Inc s Principal Executive Officer and Todd S. Caven who is Regen BioPharma Inc s Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial Officer , of the effectiveness of the design and operation of Regen BioPharma Inc s disclosure controls and procedures .
In connection with the quarterly report of CNL Healthcare Properties , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Stephen H. Mauldin , Chief Executive Officer and Kevin R. Maddron , Chief Financial Officer , Chief Operating Officer and Treasurer of CNL Healthcare Properties , Inc , each certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
PLEXUS CORP 's annual effective tax rates vary from the U.S. statutory rate of 35.0 % primarily as a result of the mix of earnings from U.S. and foreign jurisdictions and a tax holiday granted to a subsidiary located in the APAC region where PLEXUS CORP derives a significant portion of its earnings .
Richard Aland an officer , director and shareholder , other shareholders of Demand Pooling , Inc. and Demand Pooling Global Services , LLC have advanced to Demand Pooling , Inc.
Mr. Cook 's years of experience with the construction industry and construction projects led the Board of Directors to conclude that Mr. Cook should serve as a director .
The information contained in this report and the information set forth under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors in VAALCO ENERGY INC /DE/ Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 ( 2016 Form 10 - K ) identifies additional factors that could cause VAALCO ENERGY INC /DE/ results or performance to differ materially from those VAALCO ENERGY INC /DE/ express in forward - looking statements .
During 2014 and into the third quarter of 2015 , PICO HOLDINGS INC /NEW believed that the collective attributes of PICO HOLDINGS INC /NEW common and preferred stock investment in Mindjet , including PICO HOLDINGS INC /NEW right to a seat on its board of directors , enabled us to exert significant influence over the operating and financial decisions of Mindjet .
On October 13 , 2010 , Wowio , Inc. entered into a secured note receivable with Top Cow Productions ( TCP ) for $ 175,000 .
[ ] dated as of [ ] , 20 [ ] to the JUNIOR LIEN INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT dated as of [ ] , 20 [ ] ( the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement ) , among VIRTU FINANCIAL LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Holdings ) , VFH Parent LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( the Company ) , certain subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company ( each a Grantor ) , JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A , as Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement , [ ] , as Initial Second Priority Representative , and the additional Representatives from time to time a party thereto .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Frontier Oilfield Services , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Donald Ray Lawhorne , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of FRONTIER OILFIELD SERVICES INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to my knowledge : .
General Partner : By : _ /s/ John J. Suydam _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Name : John J. Suydam Title : Vice President Limited Partners : By : _ /s/ John J. Suydam _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Name : John J. Suydam Title : Vice President .
Ambassador Swindells served as United States Ambassador to New Zealand and Samoa from 2001 to 2005 , and he served as Chairman of the Board of a non - profit board of trustees for Lewis Clark College in Portland , Oregon , from 1998 until 2001 .
Moreover , local laws and customs in many countries differ significantly from or conflict with those in the United States or other countries in which Lumentum Holdings Inc. operate .
On May 5 , 2016 , Jive Software , Inc. board of directors approved the 2016 Realignment Plan designed to ensure that Jive Software , Inc. have the correct cost structure and go - to - market strategies in place to achieve Jive Software , Inc. desired corporate and operating results going forward , align Jive Software , Inc. operations with evolving business needs and improve efficiencies .
In addition , the cost of utility plant at SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO rate - regulated businesses and non - utility regulated projects that meet the regulatory accounting requirements of U.S. GAAP at Sempra Mexico and Sempra Natural Gas includes AFUDC .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Career Education Corporation ( the Company ) for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Todd S. Nelson , President and Chief Executive Officer of CAREER EDUCATION CORP , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Also pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement , Authentic agreed to effectuate the following : ( a ) a three - for - one ( 3:1 ) forward stock split of Authentic s outstanding common stock ( the Forward Stock Split ) ; ( b ) a business combination by merging Authentic with and into Mojo Data Solutions , Inc , a corporation formed in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico , with Mojo being the surviving entity ( the Surviving Corporation ) and with each outstanding share of the Common Stock of MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC .
I , Wilbur L. Ross , Jr , Chief Executive Officer of WL Ross Holding Corp. ( the Company ) , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , that , to the best of my knowledge : .
Medovex Corp. pays TAG Aviation , a company owned by its Chief Executive Officer , Jarrett Gorlin ( Mr. Gorlin ) for office space that is currently being used as Medovex Corp. s principal business location plus utilities cost ( see Related Party Transactions ) on a monthly basis .
In 2014 , SunOpta Inc. recognized an impairment loss of $ 8.4 million related to SunOpta Inc. non - core investment in Enchi Corporation ( Enchi ) , a developer of advanced bioconversion products for the renewable fuels industry .
Since that time , Atlas ' shares have traded on the NASDAQ under the symbol " AFH .
EVO Transportation & Energy Services , Inc. is a holding company based in Peoria , Arizona that owns two operating subsidiaries , Titan and EAF , that compete in the compressed natural gas ( CNG ) service business .
Mr. Chereskin serves on the boards of directors of Cinemark , Inc , Expel , Inc. and KIPP - Chicago .
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations In this Form 10 - Q , unless specifically stated otherwise or the context otherwise indicates , references to Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc , Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc , us , and HASI refer to Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc , a Maryland corporation , Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure , L.P , and any of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. other subsidiaries .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The discussion and analysis of KIRKLAND 'S , INC financial condition and the results of KIRKLAND 'S , INC operations are based upon KIRKLAND 'S , INC consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
If funds from foreign operations are required to fund U.S. operations in the future , and if U.S. tax has not previously been provided , NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC would be required to accrue and pay additional U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds .
/s/ Alton D. Heckaman , Jr. Chief Financial Officer March 4 , 2016 Alton D. Heckaman , Jr. Principal Accounting Officer .
James O. Harp , Jr. James O. Harp , Jr. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
The majority owner of IMO is Robert M. Gans ( 72 % ) , SCORES HOLDING CO INC President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of SCORES HOLDING CO INC Board of Directors as well as SCORES HOLDING CO INC majority shareholder .
Headquartered in New York , New York , Transactis provides electronic billing and payment solutions .
ClickStream Corp was incorporated in the state of Nevada on September 30 , 2005 and previously operated under the name Peak Resources Incorporated .
International Foodservice Operations - primarily includes broadline operations in Canada and Europe ( including the Brakes Group , which was acquired in fiscal 2017 ) , Bahamas , Mexico , Costa Rica and Panama , as well as a company that distributes to international customers ; .
On March 28 , 2014 , in connection with the merger with and into Orbital Tracking Corp. s former subsidiary Great West Resources , Inc , each issued and outstanding share of Orbital Tracking Corp. s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock , par value $ 0.0001 per share , was converted into 1/150th shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock , par value $ 0.0001 per share , for a total of 20,000 issued and outstanding shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock .
If the LNGC project , and other potential projects in the area , do not move forward , Civeo Corp future results of operations and Civeo Corp existing long - lived assets in Canada , including Civeo Corp Sitka Lodge , may be negatively affected , and Civeo Corp may be required to record material impairment charges equal to the excess of the carrying values of these assets over their fair values .
On May 9 , 2017 , URANIUM ENERGY CORP entered into a share purchase agreement ( the Share Purchase Agreement ) with Pacific Road Capital A Pty Ltd , as trustee for Pacific Road Resources Fund A ( Fund A ) , Pacific Road Capital B Pty Ltd , as trustee for Pacific Road Resources Fund B ( Fund B ) , and Pacific Road Holdings S.r.l .
In part as an initial step in 1847 Holdings LLC plan to acquire small to medium size businesses in a variety of different industries , and in part as an attempt to minimize future conflicts of interest involving the splitting of Mr. Roberts business time , Mr. Roberts and the board of directors of 1847 Holdings LLC company determined that it would be in the best interests of 1847 Holdings LLC company to acquire such interests in PPI Management and Christals Management so that 1847 Holdings LLC company can operate such management consulting and advisory businesses and so Mr. Roberts business time will not be diverted away from the business and affairs of 1847 Holdings LLC company .
Lvyuan Green Building Material Technology Corp. ( the Company ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on January 10 , 2013 as Green Supplements Online Inc. Lvyuan Green Building Material Technology Corp. changed Lvyuan Green Building Material Technology Corp. name to Lvyuan Green Building Material Technology Corp. on September 24 , 2015 .
Dr. Maroni most recently served as Vice President , Medical Research at Biogen Idec .
Ferrellgas Partners , L.P. ( Ferrellgas Partners ) was formed April 19 , 1994 , and is a publicly traded limited partnership , owning an approximate 99 % limited partner interest in Ferrellgas , L.P. ( the " operating partnership " ) .
Name : Robert W. Zentz Title : Senior Vice President , Secretary and General Counsel .
PC TEL INC investing activities generated $ 0.6 million of cash during the three months ended March 31 , 2016 .
The Loan Agreement is secured by substantially all of the property of American Acquisition , including all of the outstanding shares of American Country , American Service and Gateway , which are wholly - owned direct subsidiaries of American Acquisition ( the ASI Pool Subsidiaries ) .
From July 2015 to the present , Mr. Lichtenstein has served as a member of the Board of Directors of the New York City Economic Development Corporation .
Bryan J. Merryman , Chief Operating Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Director .
See Note 10 to Xcerra Corp Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information relating to revenues derived from sales to customers outside the United States .
( 3 ) Andrew Batinovich does not receive compensation as a director because he serves as Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. Chief Executive Officer and Secretary .
This change also reflected the absence , in 2016 , of a $ 6 million benefit related to a State of Michigan use tax settlement reached in 2015 , and a $ 6 million gain on a donation of CMS Energy stock by Consumers .
Wowio , Inc. financing activities provided cash of $ 155,270 during the nine months ended September 30 , 2015 compared to $ 755,000 during the same period in 2014 .
On March 11 , 2016 , Heritage Global Inc. entered into a purchase and sale agreement with International Auto Processing Inc. ( IAP ) to sell Heritage Global Inc. s real estate inventory .
Exhibit 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Catalent , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended December 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , John R. Chiminski , President and Chief Executive Officer of Catalent , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 )
On March 31 , 2015 , IBERIABANK CORP completed the acquisition of Old Florida Bancshares , Inc , a bank holding company located in Orlando , Florida with $ 1.5 billion in assets , and its commercial bank subsidiaries , Old Florida Bank and New Traditions Bank .
George Cox , age 65 , currently serves as Vice President , Manufacturing Supply Chain , having served as Vice President , Supply Chain , since April 2008 .
Prior to NOMi , Babka served as Chief Financial Officer of Applied Predictive Technologies , a cloud - based predictive analytics company , which was acquired by MasterCard Inc. in May 2015 .
The Company shall be considered to be in Default if eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp fails to obtain a listing of its common stock on at least one of OTCBB , OTCQB , Nasdaq or NYSE within 90 days of the date of the note or fails to maintain the listing of its common stock ; eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp fails to comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act and/or ceases to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act ; the restatement of any financial statements for any date or period from two years prior to the date of the note and until this note is no longer outstanding results in a material adverse effect on the rights of the note holder ; the DTC places a chill on any of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp s securities ; eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp s common stock becomes not eligible for trading through the DTC s FAST Automated Securities Transfer or Deposit / Withdrawal at Custodian programs ; eWELLNESS
On December 28 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into agreements with Michael Brauser , Sandor Capital Master Fund LP , Intracoastal Capital LLC and an affiliate of Barry Honig , each holders of 5 % of Orbital Tracking Corp. voting securities .
Mr. Esposito is a volunteer Director on selected Delaware non - profit , government , and professional Boards , including the Delaware Solid Waste Authority , which he chairs , Port of Wilmington , Delaware Workforce Investment Board , and the University of Delaware Sea Grant Advisory Council , which he chairs .
As part of the Prior Plan , NOBLE CORP entered into the Settlement Agreement with Paragon Offshore under which , in exchange for a full and unconditional release of any claims by Paragon Offshore in connection with the Spin - off ( including fraudulent conveyance claims that could be brought on behalf of Paragon Offshore s creditors ) , NOBLE CORP agreed to provide certain tax bonding in Mexico as well as assume certain tax liabilities and the administration of Mexican tax claims for specified years .
UNIT CORP drilling operations are mainly located in Oklahoma , Texas , Wyoming , North Dakota , and to a lesser extent in Louisiana and Kansas .
Sanctioned Person means , at any time , ( a ) any Person listed in any Sanctions - related list of designated Persons maintained by the OFAC , the U.S. Department of State , the U.S. Department of Commerce or by the United Nations Security Council , the European Union , any European Union Member State , Canada or Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom , ( b ) any Person located , organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or ( c ) any Person directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clause ( a ) or ( b ) .
For example , IPL and WPL have retail electric base rate freezes in Iowa and Wisconsin , respectively , through 2016 .
significant portion of ENTEGRIS INC products outside the United States and are dependent on international suppliers for many of ENTEGRIS INC parts .
Maine Water entered into a stipulation agreement ( Biddeford Stipulation Agreement ) with Maine s Office of the Public Advocate which allowed for flow - through treatment of the Repair Regulations retroactive to January 1 , 2014 .
Macquarie Infrastructure Corp s hedging activities for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 and the related location within the consolidated financial statements were as follows ( $ in thousands ): .
RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC available for sale securities portfolio increased by $ 855 million , as RJ Bank increased their investments in such securities during the period .
By : /s / Jason B. Jordan Name : Jason B. Jordan Title : Vice President / Relationship Manager .
ATEL 16 , LLC ( the Company or the Fund ) was formed under the laws of the state of California on December 27 , 2012 for the purpose of raising capital and originating equipment financing transactions and acquiring equipment to engage in equipment leasing and sales activities .
Before joining Agile Therapeutics , Dr. MacFarlane served as President and CEO at Xintria Pharmaceutical Corporation , a private company from 2006 through 2007 , a company for which Arnold S. Lippa and Jeff E. Margolis served as officers and directors and prior to that , served as Vice President of Women s Health and New Product Planning at Warner Chilcott from 2001 through 2006 , now part of Activis plc .
Mr. Vincent is a recent Immediate Past Chairman of the Independent Petroleum Association of America and holds the degrees of Bachelor of Arts and Master of Business Administration .
Since the Spin - off , EchoStar entered into certain satellite services agreements pursuant to which it receives certain satellite services from DISH Network on certain satellites owned or leased by DISH Network .
FINISAR CORP continue to conduct a substantial portion of FINISAR CORP new product introduction activities at FINISAR CORP Sunnyvale , California , Horsham , Pennsylvania , Sydney , Australia , and Shanghai , China facilities .
In July 2012 and January 2013 , Somaxon settled two patent litigation claims with parties seeking to market generic equivalents of Silenor .
Noncontrolling interest consists of SPLC 's 7.5 % retained ownership interest in Zydeco as of March 31 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 .
Total ( which has a designee on AMYRIS , INC . Board of Directors ) held approximately 22 % of AMYRIS , INC . outstanding common stock .
MIDDLESEX WATER CO also operate two New Jersey municipal water and wastewater systems under contract and provide regulated wastewater services in New Jersey and Delaware through MIDDLESEX WATER CO subsidiaries .
For the year ended December 31 , 2014 , SKYWEST INC recorded a $ 6.0 million valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets primarily associated with ExpressJet state net operating losses with a limited carry forward period .
Net cash provided by XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP operating activities was $ 1,961,000 for the three months ended December 31 , 2015 , as compared to $ 3,019,000 of net cash provided by operating activities for the three months ended December 31 , 2014 , a decrease of $ 1,058,000 .
Sempra Global is the holding company for most of SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO subsidiaries that are not subject to California utility regulation .
Each of Robert D. Graham , VALHI INC /DE/ Vice Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer , and Gregory M. Swalwell , VALHI INC /DE/ Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer , have evaluated the design and effectiveness of VALHI INC /DE/ disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30 , 2017 .
COSTO INC . net loss for the fiscal year ended November 30 , 2015 was $ 23,719 compared to a net loss of $ 1,317 during the period from Inception ( May 6 , 2014 ) to November 30 , 2014 .
The remaining approximately 84.3 % of IBG LLC membership interests are held by Holdings , a holding company that is owned by Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. founder , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , Mr. Thomas Peterffy and his affiliates , management and other employees of IBG LLC , and certain other members .
From January 2011 until November 2012 , Ms. Berman held executive and senior roles at Alcon , the eye - care division of Novartis .
Mr. Pappas continues to devote his primary time and business efforts to LUBYS INC while maintaining his role at Pappas Restaurants , Inc. Peter Tropoli , a director of LUBYS INC and LUBYS INC s Chief Operating Officer , and formerly LUBYS INC s Senior Vice President , Administration , General Counsel and Secretary , is an attorney and stepson of Frank Markantonis , who is a director of LUBYS INC . Paulette Gerukos , Vice President of Human Resources of LUBYS INC , is the sister - in - law of Harris J. Pappas , who is a director of LUBYS INC . Note 11 .
THIS INDENTURE ( Deed ) , made as of , 2016 between 737 Gerrard Road , LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Grantor ) , whose address is c / o Heritage Global , Inc , 30665 Northwestern Highway , Suite 200 , Farmington Hills , MI , Attention : James Sklar , Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary and , ( Grantee ) , whose address is , ( the words Grantor and Grantee include their respective heirs , successors and assigns ) .
While UNIT CORP operations are located within the United States , events outside the United States can also impact us and UNIT CORP industry .
This facility line of credit is guaranteed by ( i ) Mr. Tong Shiping , China Auto Logistics Inc s Chairman , President and CEO , ( ii ) Ms. Cheng Weihong , a Director and Senior Vice President of China Auto Logistics Inc , and ( iii ) Tianjin Ning Chuan International Trading co , Ltd , a supplier .
Mr. Kelly resigned as an Officer and Director of Demand Pooling , Inc. in May 2012 .
During 2015 , REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s products were produced at REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s facilities in the U.S. ( North Carolina and Florida ) , South Africa , Spain , Italy and Mexico , and at third - party facilities around the world .
As of March 31 , 2017 , non - qualifying assets represented approximately 23.0 % of the total assets of APOLLO INVESTMENT CORP . ( 17 )
Mr. J. Michael Lawrie , the current head of CSC , will become chairman , president and CEO of the new combined company and Ms. Margaret C. Whitman , President and CEO of HPE , will join the Board of Directors .
Hamilton Lane INC board of directors has set the size of the board at six members : Messrs. Rogers , Giannini , Berkman , Hirsch and Sexton and Ms. Varon currently serve on Hamilton Lane INC board of directors , and Mr. Rogers serves as Chairman .
George Vojtech is the President of Concentric Engineering LLC .
Certifications of Philip S. Sassower , Chief Executive Officer , and Tom Wilkinson , Chief Financial Officer , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
In November 2006 , CARDAX , INC . entered into a Joint Development and Supply Agreement ( the BASF Agreement ) with BASF , relating to the research , development , manufacture , commercialization and related matters , and the related intellectual property rights with respect to consumer health or nutraceutical and pharmaceutical products containing or utilizing synthetically manufactured astaxanthin in the geometric ( trans ) and optical ( S , S ) isomeric form most prevalent in nature ( ASTX-1 ) , which is the same geometric and optical isomeric form of astaxanthin found in GRAS - designated microalgal astaxanthin products .
The following highlighted items also affect comparisons of LILLY ELI & CO financial results for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 : Acquired in - process research and development ( IPR D ) ( Note 3 to the consolidated condensed financial statements ) .
As of June 30 , 2017 Pacific Media Group Enterprises , Inc. did not have significant cash or other material assets , nor did it have operations or a source of revenue sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern .
On May 1 , 2017 , HARTE HANKS INC entered into the 3Q Agreement with HARTE HANKS INC wholly owned subsidiary 3Q Digital , Inc. and Maury Domengeaux , as representative to the former stockholders and option holders of 3Q Digital ( the Effective Time Holders ) pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger , dated as of March 16 , 2015 , by and among a wholly owned subsidiary of HARTE HANKS INC and 3Q Digital ( the 2015 Merger Agreement ) .
If SEMTECH CORP effective tax rates were to increase , particularly in the U.S. or Switzerland , or if the ultimate determination of taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued , SEMTECH CORP operating results , cash flows , and financial condition could be adversely affected .
In particular , DATASEA INC . success depends on the continued efforts of Ms. Zhixin Liu , DATASEA INC . Chairman of the Board of Directors , Chief Executive Officer , Interim Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Secretary , and Mr. Fu Liu , DATASEA INC . director .
The Indoor Harvest Corp currently intends to hold a minority interest in The Harvest Group for a minimum period of one year and , subsequently , to distribute its shares of The Harvest Group to shareholders of Indoor Harvest Corp , as a dividend in a manner consistent with relevant SEC rules .
3PI s sales , net of intercompany sales , included in POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s operating results from the Date of Acquisition to December 31 , 2014 were $ 20.4 million and 3PI reported an operating loss of approximately $ 2.0 million for the same period .
Effective August 9 , 2016 , Michael Palethorpe , NEW MEDIA INSIGHT GROUP , INC . s President , Chief Executive Officer , Secretary , Treasurer , sole director and majority stockholder , sold to each of ACP , an entity wholly owned by David Kugelman , NEW MEDIA INSIGHT GROUP , INC . s temporary Chief Financial Officer , Leone and Summit 5,666,666 shares of Company common stock in exchange for payment of $ 566.67 ( $ 1,700 in the aggregate ) to Mr. Palethorpe ( collectively , the Palethorpe Sales ) .
The preparation of NEXT GROUP HOLDINGS , INC . s financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period .
No assurance can be given , however , that the FDA will agree that ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC Nexafed products may be sold under the FDA s OTC monograph product regulations or that the FDA or FTC will not object to MainPointe s advertisement and promotion of ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC Nexafed products extraction characteristics and benefits .
Destination Maternity Corp gross profit for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 decreased by 6.2 % , or $ 3.4 million , to $ 50.9 million from $ 54.3 million for the third quarter of fiscal 2016 , and Destination Maternity Corp gross profit as a percentage of net sales ( gross margin ) for the third quarter of fiscal 2017 was 52.8 % compared to 52.9 % for the third quarter of fiscal 2016 .
Mr. Durando was Microphase s cheif operating officer since May 1 , 1995 and a director since March 31 , 2010 until his resignation from both positions on January 22 , 2015 .
KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS THAT I , the undersigned , a Director of Selective Insurance Group , Inc. ( the Company ) , do hereby appoint Gregory E. Murphy , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP INC , Mark A. Wilcox , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP INC , and Michael H. Lanza , Executive Vice President and General Counsel of SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP INC , as my true and lawful attorney - in - fact and agent with full power of substitution and resubstitution for me and in my name , place and stead , and in any and all capacities , to execute on my behalf SELECTIVE INSURANCE GROUP INC s Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2016 , and any amendments and supplements thereto , and to file the same with all exhibits thereto , and other documents in connection therewith , with the Securities and Exchange Commission , and hereby grant to such attorney - in - fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done , as fully to all intents and purposes as I might do or could do in person , hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney - in - fact and agent , or their substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of LV Futures Fund L.P. ( the Partnership ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Steven Ross , Chief Financial Officer and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC , the general partner of the Partnership , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of my knowledge : .
In May 2014 , MARIMED INC , through its wholly - owned subsidiary MariMed Advisors Inc. ( MMA ) , acquired Sigal Consulting LLC in exchange for ( i ) an aggregate amount of MARIMED INC . s common stock equal to 50 % of MARIMED INC . s outstanding shares on the closing date of September 29 , 2014 , ( ii ) options to purchase three million shares of MARIMED INC . s common stock , exercisable over five years with exercise prices ranging from $ 0.15 to $ 0.35 , and ( iii ) a 49 % ownership interest in MMA .
Mr. Sullivan also served as Managing Director and Head of Fund Accounting and Administration for Morgan Stanley Investment Management from 2002 to 2004 .
At December 31 , 2015 , the cash balance held by NUVASIVE INC foreign subsidiaries was approximately $ 17.8 million and it is NUVASIVE INC intention to indefinitely reinvest all of current foreign earnings in order to partially support foreign working capital and to expand NUVASIVE INC existing operations outside the United States .
As of September 30 , 2016 , Notis Global , Inc. was headquartered in Los Angeles , California .
LecTec was organized in 1977 as a Minnesota corporation and went public in December 1986 .
Class A Common Stock and Products Corporation 's capital stock are pledged to secure various of Revlon , Inc. 's and/or other of REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's affiliates obligations and foreclosure upon these shares or dispositions of shares could result in the acceleration of debt under Products Corporation 's Amended Credit Agreements and Products Corporation 's 5 % Senior Notes Indenture and could have other consequences .
ACTIVECARE , INC . compensation committee consists of two directors : Mr. Welgos , an independent director , and Mr. Peterson , who is also ACTIVECARE , INC .
Fiscal 2015 On September 2 , 2014 , Infor , Inc. acquired the assets of Saleslogix , a division of privately held Swiftpage , Inc , for approximately $ 30.1 million , net of cash acquired ( the Saleslogix Acquisition ) .
Forum Merger Corp only activities from inception to June 30 , 2017 were organizational activities and those necessary to consummate the Initial Public Offering , described below , and identifying a target company for a Business Combination .
In June 2013 , SDG E recorded a $ 200 million pretax loss from plant closure related to its investment in SONGS .
ALABAMA POWER CO provides electricity to retail and wholesale customers within its traditional service territory located in the State of Alabama in addition to wholesale customers in the Southeast .
On September 6 , 2016 , ULTRALIFE CORP claim was finalized with the insurance company resulting in a $ 55 loss included in ULTRALIFE CORP 2016 results .
Prior to its dissolution in 2016 , Mr. Rapp served as the co - founder and chairman of BCM , a boutique investment bank and broker - dealer .
Charges ( credits ) related to Carlyle corporate actions and non - recurring items include : charges associated with equity - based compensation that was issued in the initial public offering in May 2012 or is issued in acquisitions or strategic investments , changes in the tax receivable agreement liability , amortization and any impairment charges associated with acquired intangible assets , transaction costs associated with acquisitions , charges associated with earnouts and contingent consideration including gains and losses associated with the estimated fair value of contingent consideration issued in conjunction with acquisitions or strategic investments , gains and losses from the retirement of debt , charges associated with lease terminations and employee severance and settlements of legal claims .
Mark Walmesley was appointed as Lode - Star Mining Inc. Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and director on September 22 , 2014 , and Lode - Star Mining Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer on December 11 , 2014 .
On February 27 , 2017 , Jean Vineyard filed a shareholder derivative lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia that names as defendants Southern Company , certain of its directors , certain of its officers , and certain former Mississippi Power officers .
( 5 ) Mr. Crisp is a partial owner of Alice Environmental Holdings , LLC , or AEH , and is an indirect shareholder and manager of Alice Environmental Services , LP , or AES and Alice Environmental West Texas , LLC , or AEWT .
Mr. Fang will be Chairman of Audit Committee .
Similarly , no foreign income taxes have been provided on the un - remitted earnings of Essent Group Ltd. 's U.S. subsidiaries .
Carbonite Inc effective tax rate for the year ended December 31 , 2015 is lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to changes in the valuation allowance against deferred tax assets , a foreign rate differential associated with certain foreign jurisdictions which are subject to significantly lower tax rates than the U.S. federal statutory rate and nondeductible stock based compensation , offset by corporate restructuring activities .
Executive Advisor Agreement with Andrew Lapham Since April 17 , 2014 , Andrew Lapham has been an Executive Advisor to Blackstone .
Revolving Credit Facilities On August 29 , 2014 , Cirrus Logic entered into a credit agreement ( the Credit Agreement ) with Wells Fargo Bank , National Association , as Administrative Agent , and the Lenders party thereto .
The husband of Amy D. Husted , Vice President and General Counsel of KIRBY CORP , is a partner in the law firm of Strasburger Price , LLP .
Kaskad Corp. ( the Company , Kaskad Corp , us or our ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on June 9 , 2015 .
Altisource Asset Management Corp have purchased an aggregate of 1,624,465 shares of RESI common stock in open market transactions , and Altisource Asset Management Corp may purchase additional shares of RESI common stock from time to time .
On June 21 , 2016 , DigiPath , Inc. granted options to purchase 4,750,000 shares of common stock as compensation for services to DigiPath , Inc. CEO , Mr. Bianco .
AFLAC INC also use foreign currency swaps to economically convert certain of AFLAC INC U.S. dollar - denominated senior note and subordinated debenture principal and interest obligations into yen - denominated obligations .
SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO adopted ASU 2015 - 17 on a prospective basis for SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO annual reporting period ended December 31 , 2015 , and the adoption did not affect SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO results of operations or cash flows .
Ms. Overbaugh has also served as Vice President of Underwriting for Security National Life Insurance Company since 1998 .
For a discussion of these risks , see Item 1A. Risk Factors in ANTERO RESOURCES Corp 2016 Form 10 - K and ANTERO RESOURCES Corp March 31 , 2017 Form 10 - Q.
Jaguar Health , Inc. operates as one segment and is headquartered in San Francisco , California .
The Board believes that having Mr. T. Swift fill the role of both Chairman and CEO remains the best leadership structure for Swift Energy at this time .
Mr. Walker joined FRANKLIN WIRELESS CORP in December 2009 and previously served as Vice President , Finance and Accounting .
Seasonality China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc operations are primarily located in northeastern China , which is extremely cold during the winter months .
Additionally , on June 9 , 2017 , Georgia Power , acting for itself and as agent for the other Vogtle Owners , and the EPC Contractor entered into a services agreement ( Services Agreement ) , which was amended and restated on July 20 , 2017 , for the EPC Contractor to transition construction management of Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4 to Southern Nuclear and to provide ongoing design , engineering , and procurement services to Southern Nuclear .
The $ 394 million increase in franchise fees primarily reflected $ 320 million from the Starwood Combination , $ 45 million from Legacy - Marriott unit growth , $ 12 million from Legacy - Marriott RevPAR growth , $ 11 million of higher Legacy - Marriott branding fees , and $ 7 million of higher Legacy - Marriott relicensing fees .
The Board of Directors also requested that Mr. Okada resign as a director of Wynn Resorts ( under Nevada corporation law , a board of directors does not have the power to remove a director ) and recommended that Mr. Okada be removed as a member of the Board of Directors of WML .
Steven Overman Effective January 1 , 2015 , Steven Overman is President of the Consumer and Film Division and Kodak s Chief Marketing Officer .
CPI Card Group Inc. 2014 results include four months of results from EFT Source .
Under the terms of the amendment , both parties confirmed the appointment of Mr. Akam as ARC Group , Inc. Chief Operating Officer on January 22 , 2013 and as ARC Group , Inc. Chief Executive Officer on July 31 , 2013 , clarified that Mr. Akam s monthly base salary after the initial term of the employment agreement may be adjusted from time to time by us with Mr. Akam s consent , removed the provision relating to the grant of shares of ARC Group , Inc. common stock to Mr. Akam on January 1 st of each year effective December 31 , 2016 , and clarified that the criteria for Mr. Akam s annual bonuses shall be identified and agreed upon by us and Mr. Akam by the end of the 1 st quarter of each fiscal year .
As a result of these factors , NOODLES & Co quarterly and annual operating results and comparable restaurant sales may fluctuate significantly .
The ExpressJet Delta Connection Agreement is scheduled to terminate on December 31 , 2022 , subject to certain Delta extension rights .
Investing Activities During 2016 , net cash used in investing activities of $ 50.6 million , primarily reflects purchases of certificates of deposits of $ 88.2 million , purchases of property , equipment and intangible assets of $ 6.4 million that includes technology hardware and software , and leasehold improvements to support Quotient Technology Inc. growth as well as capitalized development and enhancement costs related to Retailer iQ and Quotient Insights , partially offset by proceeds from the maturity of a certificate of deposit of $ 44.0 million .
Although Liberty Broadband owns less than 100 % of the outstanding shares of Charter , 100 % of the Charter amounts are included in the schedule below and subsequently eliminated in order to reconcile the account totals to the Liberty Broadband condensed consolidated financial statements .
Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of February 28 , 2014 between Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company and St. George Investments LLC ( incorporated by reference to Lithium Exploration Group , Inc.
Certain of LAM RESEARCH CORP s facility leases for buildings located at its Fremont , California , headquarters and certain other facility leases provide LAM RESEARCH CORP with options to extend the leases for additional periods or to purchase the facilities .
Holders of OP Units ( other than MAA and its entity affiliates ) may require the Operating Partnership to redeem their OP Units , from time to time , in which case the Operating Partnership may , at its option , pay the redemption price either in cash ( in an amount per OP Unit equal , in general , to the average closing price of MAA s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange , or NYSE , over a specified .
Mr. El - Ahmadi has served as a director of Lightwave Logic , Inc. Company since October 2 , 2013 , and he currently serves a member of Lightwave Logic , Inc. Audit Committee .
In 2009 , MB Bancorp Inc adopted MB Bancorp Inc current name , Madison Bank of Maryland .
CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORP measure CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORP total exposure in non - dollar - denominated equity by regularly tracking the value of net equity invested in CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORP foreign operations , the largest of which is in CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORP U.K. and Canadian operations .
On April 25 , 2017 , Sincerity Applied Materials Holdings Corp. sold Sincerity Applied Materials Holdings Corp. equity interests in Sincerity Applied Materials Holdings Corp. 51 % owned indirect subsidiary , Symbid Germany GmbH , to another shareholder of Symbid Germany GmbH for EUR 1 .
The $ 8.3 million , or 89.2 % , increase in general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31 , 2016 compared to the year ended December 31 , 2015 was primarily due to increases in salaries and benefits expense related to cash severance and insurance benefits of $ 1.6 million , non - cash compensation expense of $ 2.3 million due to the acceleration of share - based compensation related to the retirement and separation agreement that Cascadian Therapeutics , Inc. entered into with Cascadian Therapeutics , Inc. former chief executive officer in January 2016 , Retention Payment Plan expenses of $ 0.7 million and headcount and headcount related expenses of $ 1.6 million .
Prior to that , Mr. Stumpf served as a Vice President Investment Banking Group of Stout Risius Advisors , LLC from February 2000 to September 2007 and as an Auditor and Certified Public Accountant with Ernst Young , LLP from September 1998 to February 2000 .
In March 2010 , President Obama signed into law the Affordable Care Act in an effort to , among other things , broaden access to health insurance , reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending , enhance remedies against fraud and abuse , add new transparency requirements for healthcare and health insurance industries , impose new taxes and fees on .
On March 3 , 2017 , NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS , INC . entered into a Global Settlement Agreement with MT , CRG , and Cardinal Health 414 to effectuate the terms of a settlement previously entered into by the parties on February 22 , 2017 .
As of May 5 , 2017 , all of DOLLAR GENERAL CORP s operations were located within the United States with the exception of certain subsidiaries in Hong Kong and China and a liaison office in India , which collectively are not material with regard to assets , results of operations or otherwise to the condensed consolidated financial statements .
If Carlyle Group L.P. were to have a realization event in a particular quarter , that event may have a significant impact on Carlyle Group L.P. quarterly results and cash flow for that particular quarter and may not be replicated in subsequent quarters .
Mr. Vautrin , Dr. Kapteyn and Mr. Fea will serve as members of New Age Beverages Corp s audit committee , with Mr. Vautrin acting as the audit committee chairman and financial expert .
From 2016 to the present , Mr. Schroeder serves as the chief executive officer of Kannaway , LLC , a wholly owned subsidiary of Medical Marijuana , Inc.
The following table presents details of Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT , Inc. disposition and deconsolidation activity during the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 ( in thousands ): .
Paul Cowan , Chairman Chief Executive Officer Paul Cowan is Quotient Ltd Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Quotient Ltd Board of Directors .
Mortgage Notes Payable and Other Debt Summary and Obligations As of June 30 , 2017 , VEREIT Operating Partnership , L.P. had non - recourse mortgage indebtedness of $ 2.4 billion , which was collateralized by 584 properties , reflecting a net decrease from December 31 , 2016 of $ 278.7 million primarily resulting from VEREIT Operating Partnership , L.P. disposition activity during the six months ended June 30 , 2017 .
Mr. Siegel also served on the Board of Directors of Diplomat Electronics Inc. and Quantech Electronics Corporation .
Form of Employment Agreement between OceanFirst Bank , OceanFirst Financial Corp , and certain executive officers , including Joseph R. Iantosca and Joseph J. Lebel ( 23 ) .
If First Priority were to terminate Mr. Ehrlich s employment without cause , or if Mr. Ehrlich were to terminate his employment for good reason , as defined , including but not limited to , a change in control of First Priority , he will be entitled to receive post termination benefits as follows : an amount equal to three ( 3 ) times the sum of ( i ) the highest salary paid to him in the year of termination or prior two calendar years ; ( ii ) the highest bonus paid to him in one of the three calendar years prior to termination ; and ( iii ) an adjustment for benefits .
MERRIMACK PHARMACEUTICALS INC named executive officers for 2016 are Robert J. Mulroy , MERRIMACK PHARMACEUTICALS INC former President and Chief Executive Officer , Gary L. Crocker , MERRIMACK PHARMACEUTICALS INC Chairman of the Board and former Interim President and Chief Executive Officer , Yasir B. Al - Wakeel , MERRIMACK PHARMACEUTICALS INC Chief Financial Officer and Head of Corporate Development , and
Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of American Renal Associates Holdings , Inc. Board of Directors , and Syed Kamal , American Renal Associates Holdings , Inc. President and a member of American Renal Associates Holdings , Inc. Board , in order to correct the annual cash bonus amounts payable to them upon achievement of Adjusted EBITDA targets .
The time required to obtain these foreign approvals to market CorMedix Inc. products may vary from U.S. approvals , and requirements for these approvals may differ from those required by the FDA .
Since July 2016 , Dr. Friedman has served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Madrigal Pharmaceuticals , Inc , formerly Synta Pharmaceuticals Corp , a public oncology biotechnology company .
( the Company ) for the period ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Michael J. Renna , Chief Executive Officer of SOUTH JERSEY INDUSTRIES INC , hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of my knowledge : .
Accounting Estimates In the preparation of PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP s financial statements , in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles , management uses estimates and makes judgments and assumptions that affect asset and liability values and the amounts reported as income and expense during the periods presented .
The Adviser and Administrator are privately - held companies that are indirectly owned and controlled by David Gladstone , GLADSTONE INVESTMENT CORPORATION\DE chairman and chief executive officer .
PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS , INC . net losses were $ 37.2 million and $ 25.0 million for the year ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 .
On July 1 , 2016 , Harvest Capital Credit Corp formed HCAP Equity Holdings , LLC , a Delaware limited liability company , as a wholly owned subsidiary of Harvest Capital Credit Corp to hold certain equity investments made by Harvest Capital Credit Corp in limited liability companies or other forms of pass - through entities .
Ms. Cannon holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and is a Certified Public Accountant .
Date : November 20 , 2017 By : /s/ John M. Krohn Name : John M. Krohn Title : President , Chief Operating Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
actual or anticipated variations in Essent Group Ltd. quarterly operating results ; .
Mr. Leuliette was formerly president and chief operating officer of Penske Corporation , president and chief executive officer of ITT Automotive Group and senior vice president of ITT Industries Inc. Before joining ITT , Mr. Leuliette served as president and chief executive officer of Siemens Automotive L.P and was a member of the Siemens Automotive managing board and a corporate vice president of Siemens AG .
Supply Chain Services net revenue grew from $ 233.8 million for the three months ended September 30 , 2016 to $ 305.8 .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT have also tightened CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT security measures regarding the delivery and handling of certain chemicals used in CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT business .
For example , the adverse weather conditions in New York City in early 2015 negatively impacted ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. revenues during that period and as a result of these and other factors , ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. financial results for any given quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for a full fiscal year .
Both the U.S. Congress and President Trump s administration have indicated a desire to reform the Internal Revenue Code .
Such conduct also could be grounds for CMS to terminate the Medicaid drug rebate agreement pursuant to which RHYTHM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . would participate in the Medicaid drug rebate program , in which case federal payments may not be available under Medicaid for RHYTHM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . covered outpatient drugs .
Mr. Roshan shall serve in this capacity until such time as AUTHENTIDATE HOLDING CORP appoints a new Chief Financial Officer .
Pursuant to the legislation , the Illinois Power Agency , or IPA , conducts a competitive solicitation to procure ZECs , although both the Governor of Illinois and Exelon have already announced that the ZECs will be awarded to two Exelon - owned nuclear power plants in Illinois .
Sauer Energy , Inc , a California corporation that Mr. Sauer originally founded , became SAUER ENERGY , INC . operating subsidiary .
In fiscal year 2017 , restructuring charges were $ 2.7 million , or 0.4 % of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings , Inc. revenue , compared with $ 3.5 million , or 0.6 % of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings , Inc. revenue , for fiscal year 2016 .
Prior to joining Exa , Mr. Roux was Managing Director of Tecnomatix UK , a provider of product lifecycle management software , and its Scandinavian subsidiary .
Energy XXI Gulf Coast , Inc. do not believe that Energy XXI Gulf Coast , Inc. net deferred tax assets are realizable in the future on a more - likely - than - not basis at this time ; accordingly , Energy XXI Gulf Coast , Inc. net increase in valuation allowance for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 was $ 6 million .
Kristen M. O Hara has served on ICONIX BRAND GROUP , INC . Board since September 2016 .
From March 2011 until June 2014 , Mr. Youngkin served as Chief Operating Officer .
ValueSetters Inc. revenues for the nine - months ended January 31 , 2017 decreased by $ 32,222 , or 75 % , to $ 10,409 as compared to $ 42,631 reported for the nine months ended January 31 , 2016 .
ROBERT F. PROBST Robert F. Probst Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
The tables included throughout Results of Operations set forth in millions Wendy 's Co s condensed consolidated results of operations for the third quarter and the first nine months of 2017 and 2016 .
In the second quarter of fiscal year 2016 adjusted EBITDA , which excludes costs associated with the restructuring of KMG CHEMICALS INC manufacturing operations in Europe and expenses incurred related to the relocation of KMG CHEMICALS INC corporate headquarters from Houston , Texas to Fort Worth , Texas , was $ 11.0 million , an increase of $ 2.0 million , or 22.2 % , as compared to $ 9.0 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2015 .
POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . operate within approximately an aggregate of 818,000 square feet of space in four facilities located in the Chicago , Illinois area , one located in Darien , Wisconsin and one located in Madison Heights , Michigan .
In December 2013 , ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC entered into a license agreement with Medinet Co , Ltd.
In July 2017 , HEALTHSOUTH CORP acquired the assets of four home health locations from VNA Healthtrends , located in Bourbonnais , Illinois ; Des Plaines , Illinois ; Schererville , Indiana ; and Tempe , Arizona .
At the end of each accounting period , THE 's net worth is translated at the then prevailing exchange rate into U.S. dollars and the resulting gain or loss is reported as OCI in Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. consolidated statement of financial condition and consolidated statement of comprehensive income .
Holders of 2014 Grace PBU awards granted in 2014 who are current employees retained their 2014 Grace PBU awards , and , pursuant to the adjustment provisions of the Grace equity plan , also received restricted stock units of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. in an amount that reflects the distribution of GCP common stock to Grace shareholders by applying the distribution ratio to the number of Grace common shares underlying their original 2014 Grace PBU awards .
Certification of D. James Umpleby III , Chief Executive Officer of Caterpillar Inc. and Bradley M. Halverson , Group President and Chief Financial Officer of Caterpillar Inc , as required pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
TUESDAY MORNING CORP / DE ended the second quarter of fiscal 2016 with 764 stores , compared to 792 stores at the end of the second quarter of the prior year .
Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Jeffrey A. Schwaneke .
Fee Timber revenue increased by $ 5.1 million , or 10 % , in 2016 , primarily from a $ 4.3 million , or 9 % , increase in log sale revenue .
Distributions In order to be treated as a RIC for federal income tax purposes and to not be subject to corporate - level tax on undistributed income or gains , PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. are required , under Subchapter M of the Code , to annually distribute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. stockholders out of the assets legally available for distribution of an amount generally at least equal to 90 % of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. investment company taxable income , determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid .
If the License Agreement is terminated , Prothena Corp plc business and Prothena Corp plc ability to generate revenue from sales of PRX002 could be substantially harmed as Prothena Corp plc will be required to develop , commercialize and build Prothena Corp plc own sales and marketing organization or enter into another strategic collaboration in order to develop and commercialize PRX002 in the U.S.
RLS DC Venture LLC Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted since this information is included in Red Lion Hotels CORP s consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form
( 3 ) NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC s subsidiary , NetSol PK , has an export refinance facility with Askari Bank Limited , secured by NetSol PK s assets .
Reginald Denny CPA Texas , Chief Financial Officer and Director Mr. Denny has extensive experience in the controller and senior management functions of companies in the oil and gas , manufacturing and services industries .
Available Information Medidata Solutions , Inc. were organized as a New York corporation in June 1999 and reincorporated in the State of Delaware in May 2000 .
As of December 31 , 2015 , RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . unsecured revolving line of credit and RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . unsecured term loan ( collectively , the Unsecured Credit Facility ) limited RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . distributions to the greater of 95 % of funds from operations ( FFO ) , as defined in the unsecured credit agreement ( which equals FFO attributable to common shareholders , as set forth in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Funds From Operations Attributable to Common Shareholders , excluding gains or losses from extraordinary items , impairment charges not already excluded from FFO attributable to common shareholders and other non - cash charges ) or the amount necessary for us to maintain RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . qualification as a REIT .
On July 6 , 2016 , WECAST NETWORK , INC . entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Seven Stars Works Co , Ltd , a Korea company ( SSW ) and an affiliate of SSS for the purchase by SSW of 2,272,727 shares of WECAST NETWORK , INC . s common stock , for $ 1.76 per share , or a total purchase price of $ 4.0 million .
On December 10 , 2014 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered the satellite voice and data equipment sales and service business through the purchase of certain contracts from GTC .
Trust Account could , however , become subject to the claims of WL Ross Holding Corp. creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of WL Ross Holding Corp. public stockholders .
If 3032 Wilshire SM LLC is no longer Manager for any reason other than removal as permitted hereunder , William R. Rothacker , Jr. ( or if unable to serve , then Laura J. Christman ) shall serve as Manager until the Members appoint a new Manager under Section 8.17 .
Atacama Resources International , Inc. s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of Atacama Resources International , Inc. s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of Atacama Resources International , Inc. s consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles .
LUNA INNOVATIONS INC revenues recognized related to the HSOR business were $ 1.0 million and $ 3.4 million for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively , and $ 6.4 million and $ 13.2 million for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively .
Prior to that , Mr. Light was the Dean of Harvard Business School from 2006 to 2010 .
( a ) From and after the occurrence of a Qualified Listing , if any Apollo Shareholder or Athene Shareholder proposes to Transfer any Shares owned by it ( the Transferring Party ) to a Third Party ( a Qualified Transfer ) , then , notwithstanding that certain provisions of the Shareholders Agreement may have terminated at the time of such Qualified Transfer pursuant to and in accordance with Section 4.1 thereof , the provisions of Section 2.3 of the Shareholders Agreement and any related definitions in the Shareholders Agreement shall apply to such Qualified Transfer as among Procific , the Apollo Shareholders and the Athene Shareholders , mutatis mutandis , such that ( i ) Procific shall be granted the rights of an Other Shareholder ( in its capacity as an Entitled Shareholder ) under Section 2.3 of the Shareholders Agreement , and shall be deemed to be the sole Entitled Shareholder , in respect of such Qualified Transfer to include Shares owned by Procific in such Qualified Transfer as provided in Section 2.3 of the Shareholders Agreement , mutatis mutandis , ( ii ) the Transferring Party shall be deemed the Co - Sale Offeror for purposes of applying Section 2.3 of the Shareholders Agreement to such Qualified Transfer pursuant to and in accordance with this Section 1 , ( iii ) such Third Party , in its capacity as the Transferee in such Qualified Transfer , shall be deemed the Co - Sale Offeree for purposes of applying Section 2.3 of the Shareholders Agreement to such Qualified Transfer pursuant to and in accordance with this Section 1 and ( iv ) Pro Rata Amount shall be calculated based on ( A ) the number of Class A Common Shares and Class B Common Shares held by Procific or the Transferring Party , as applicable , as of the relevant date .
On May 1 , 2015 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. former subsidiary Alta Disposal entered into a share purchase agreement with Natel Hofmann and Tero Oilfield Services Ltd. for the sale of the Tero Shares by Alta Disposal to Ms. Hofmann in consideration of an aggregate of $ 300,000 .
In January 2013 , TOWERSTREAM CORP incorporated a wholly - owned subsidiary , Hetnets Tower Corporation ( Hetnets ) , to operate a new business designed to leverage its fixed wireless network in urban markets to provide other wireless technology solutions and services .
On July 5 , 2013 , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . entered into a Series D Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with C Media , pursuant to which YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . sold to C Media 2,285,714 shares of Series D 4 % Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock of the Company ( the Series D Preferred Stock ) for $ 1.75 per share , or a total purchase price of $ 4,000,000 .
HOSPITALITY INVESTORS TRUST OPERATING PARTNERSHIP , L.P , a Delaware limited partnership By : Hospitality Investors Trust , Inc , a Maryland corporation , its general partner By : s / s Paul C. Hughes _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Name : Paul C. Hughes Title : General Counsel and Secretary HOSPITALITY INVESTORS TRUST , INC , a Maryland corporation .
SEI INVESTMENTS CO business segments are : Private Banks provides investment processing and investment management programs to banks and trust institutions , independent wealth advisers and financial advisors worldwide ; Investment Advisors provides investment management programs to affluent investors through a network of independent registered investment advisors , financial planners and other investment professionals in the United States ; Institutional Investors provides investment management programs and administrative outsourcing solutions to retirement plan sponsors , hospitals and not - for - profit organizations worldwide ; Investment Managers provides investment operations outsourcing solutions to fund companies , banking institutions and both traditional and non - traditional investment managers worldwide ; and Investments in New Businesses focuses on providing investment management programs to ultra - high - net - worth families residing in the United States ; developing internet - based investment services and advice solutions ; entering new markets ; and conducting other research and development activities .
Accordingly , ZAIS Group Holdings , Inc. s consolidated financial statements include U.S. federal , state and local income taxes on ZAIS allocable share of the consolidated results of operations , as well as taxes payable to jurisdictions outside the U.S related to the foreign subsidiaries .
This decline in PHH CORP owned capitalized loan servicing portfolio was primarily due to PHH CORP June and July 2017 sales of substantially all of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae servicing to New Residential .
Dear Leena , SEARS HOLDINGS CORP are pleased to extend to you SEARS HOLDINGS CORP offer of a promotion to Divisional Vice President , Chief of Staff Office of the Chairman .
ALKALINE WATER Co INC may terminate Mr. Wright s employment for just cause at any time by delivering to Mr. Wright written notice of termination .
Ram Mukunda . Chief Executive Officer and President .
September 2016 to present June 2016 to present October 2014 to June 2016 January 2011 to March 2014 Maria Rigatti . Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , SCE President , Edison Mission Reorganization Trust ( EME Reorg Trust ) 2 Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , EME 1 .
Investors in the American Acquisition private placement offering of subscription receipts received 1,327,834 of Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. ordinary common shares , which Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. refer to as ordinary shares , plus warrants to purchase one ordinary share of Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. company for each subscription receipt at C$ 6.00 at any time until December 31 , 2013 .
Before joining SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC , Mr. Lewis was the founder and partner in Belden Partners from March 2008 to May 2013 ; an investor , founder and Chief Executive Officer of Group Gift Service from May 2012 to April 2013 ; an investor , founder and Chief Executive Officer of Media Chaperone from January 2009 to April 2012 , and a founder and general partner in Relevant C Business Group from January 2001 to March 2008 .
TechnipFMC plc and TechnipFMC plc subsidiaries are subject to tax laws and regulations in the United Kingdom , the United States , France and numerous other jurisdictions in which TechnipFMC plc and TechnipFMC plc subsidiaries operate .
For the three months ended March 31 , 2017 versus March 31 , 2016 , CareDx , Inc. testing revenue increased from $ 6.5 million to $ 7.9 million , which represents an increase of 22 % .
As a result , AWG International , Inc. is now the assignee of the CanAmera Management license agreement .
General Partner : APOLLO ANRP CAPITAL MANAGEMENT II , LLC By : Name : Laurie D. Medley Title : Vice President Limited Partners : APH HOLDINGS , L.P. By : Apollo Principal Holdings III GP , Ltd , its general partner By : Name : Laurie D. Medley Title : Vice President By : Apollo Global Carry Plan GP , LLC , with respect to Series I thereof , its general partner By : APH Holdings , L.P , Its sole member By : Apollo Principal Holdings III GP , Ltd , its general partner By : Name : Laurie D. Medley Title : Vice President For purposes of Section 9.1(c ): By : Name : Laurie D. Medley Title : Vice President .
Steven J. Johnston , the chief executive officer , and Michael J. Sewell , the chief financial officer , of Cincinnati Financial Corporation each certifies that , to the best of his knowledge : the report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Exchange Act ; and the information contained in the report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of Cincinnati Financial Corporation .
In December 2013 , LinnCo , LLC issued 93,756,674 LinnCo common shares in connection with the Berry acquisition valued at approximately $ 2.7 billion and acquired 93,756,674 newly issued LINN Energy units in exchange for the transfer of Berry to LINN Energy valued at approximately $ 2.8 billion , which was also a noncash transaction .
The Board meets quarterly to review and approve Heritage Global Inc. s operating results .
Trademarks As a franchisee of Burger King , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . also have contractual rights to use certain BKC - owned trademarks , service marks and other intellectual property relating to the Burger King concept .
All of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. s repositioning activities are expected to relate to continuing operations and should be substantially completed by December 31 , 2018 .
SKYWEST INC have also guaranteed the obligations of ExpressJet under the ExpressJet Delta Connection Agreement and the ExpressJet United ERJ Agreement .
For a description of executive compensation arrangements entered into between TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC and Messrs. Lyles , Mathewes and Smith , please see the discussion below entitled Executive Compensation Arrangements .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of CMS Energy Corporation ( the Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Patricia K. Poppe , as President and Chief Executive Officer of CONSUMERS ENERGY CO , and Rejji P. Hayes , as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CONSUMERS ENERGY CO , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of his or her knowledge : .
SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC international operations require us to comply with anti - corruption laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various international jurisdictions .
sold all of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. assets in a taxable sale in exchange for an amount equal to the fair market value of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. common stock and the assumption of all of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. liabilities and ( ii ) obtain a related step up in the basis of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. assets ) , and Grace shareholders at the time of the distribution who received shares of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. common stock in the distribution would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of such shares .
Withdrawal Agreement with Laurence Tosi On July 24 , 2015 , Blackstone announced that Laurence Tosi resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C , Blackstone Group L.P. general partner , effective August 7 , 2015 ( the Effective Date ) .
Effective September 1 , 2017 , Turning Point : ( 1 ) dissolved NATC Holding Company , formerly a direct subsidiary of Turning Point which owned NATC and its subsidiaries ; ( 2 ) transferred direct ownership of Vapor Shark from Turning Point to TPLLC ; and ( 3 ) merged Stoker , Inc , and Fred Stoker Sons , Inc , with and into RBJ Sales , Inc.
Net income attributable to the non - controlling interest in Roosters was immaterial for fiscal years 2017 , 2016 and 2015 .
Beginning in the first quarter of 2017 , STAPLES INC has presented its operations in Australia , New Zealand , Asia , and South America as discontinued operations in STAPLES INC s condensed consolidated financial statements .
For 2015 , LSB INDUSTRIES INC operating activities generated positive cash flows .
Nineteen of the offices are located in Ocean County , New Jersey , seven offices are in Monmouth County including a Financial Solutions Center in Red Bank also offering lending and wealth management services and one in Middlesex County .
In connection with the quota share reinsurance agreement with Essent Guaranty , Essent Re had agreed to maintain a minimum total equity of $ 100 million .
HLBE will pay Eco - Energy a fixed marketing fee per gallon of ethanol sold , as well as a fixed lease fee for rail cars leased from Eco - Energy to the HLBE .
The losses were the result of changes to Venezuela s market and foreign exchange controls and are not indicative of the future operating performance of QUAKER CHEMICAL CORP . Operations .
Over one - third of the premiums earned by TransRe s operations are generated by offices located in Canada , Europe , Asia , Australia , Africa and those serving Latin America and the Caribbean .
The following highlighted items affect comparisons of LILLY ELI & CO 2016 and 2015 financial results : Acquired IPR D ( Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements ) .
Mr. Genachowski currently serves as a member of the board of directors of Sonos , Inc , Mastercard Incorporated , Sprint Corporation and Asia Satellite Telecommunications Company Limited ( AsiaSat ) .
From October 2012 to December 2014 , Mr. Schor served as President and CEO of Novalere , Inc.
Indenture , dated as of December 17 , 2013 , among Walter Investment Management Corp , the guarantor parties thereto and Wells Fargo Bank , National Association , as trustee , and form of 7.875 % Senior Notes due 2021 ) ( Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant 's Current Report on Form 8 - K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 18 , 2013 ) .
In addition , if Delta Tucker Holdings , Inc. are unsuccessful in obtaining contract modifications to remove unfavorable terms , the U.S. government could exercise option periods that extend such unfavorable contract terms , which could then result in declines in Delta Tucker Holdings , Inc. earnings or contract losses .
Novus Robotics Inc. have Novus Robotics Inc. President / Chief Executive Officer , Bernardino Paolucci , and a member of Novus Robotics Inc. Board of Directors , Drasko Karanovic , on a full - time basis .
ALABAMA POWER CO have audited the accompanying balance sheets and statements of capitalization of Mississippi Power Company ( the Company ) ( a wholly owned subsidiary of The Southern Company ) as of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , and the related statements of operations , comprehensive income ( loss ) , common stockholder 's equity , and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31 , 2015 .
Note 2 Nature of Operations and Ability to Continue as a Going Concern Puebla Resources Corp ( Puebla ) was incorporated in the state of Nevada , United States of America on November 7 , 2016 .
Exhibit 10.2 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed December 8 , 2015 .
The increase in Proportional Modified EBITDA of equity - method investments includes a $ 29 million increase at Appalachia Midstream Investments primarily due to WILLIAMS COMPANIES INC increased ownership late in the first quarter of 2017 , a $ 17 million increase from Discovery primarily attributable to the accelerated recognition of previously deferred revenue and higher volumes associated with the Keathley Canyon Connector platform , and improved results at certain Northeast region investments .
From January 1 , 2015 to July 16 , 2015 , the consolidated balance sheet and statement of operations of Equinox Frontier Heritage Fund included the assets and liabilities , and earnings , respectively , of its majority owned Trading Company , Frontier Trading Company XXXIX , LLC .
OffIcERs Administrative Services Timothy A. Bracken Shannon L. Irwin John H. Sette Thomas B. Gilmore Vice President , Controller Assistant Vice President , Human Assistant Vice President , Information Technology Manager Carolyn B. Smeal Resources Information Systems Amy B. Potter Vice President , Operations Paul A. McDermott B.J. Sterndale Marketing Officer Susan M. Warrick Assistant Vice President , Facilities Assistant Vice President , Training Jessica A. Shaffner Vice President , Operations Kylie Ogden Erin L. Brimmeier Enterprise Support Officer Becky A. Coleman Assistant Vice President , Compliance Operations Officer Brenda L. Terry Assistant Vice President , Operations Banking Officer CNB Bank Greg M. Dixon Christopher L. Stott Judy L. Barry Alesia N. McElwee CNB Market Executive Vice President , Banking Officer , Portfolio Manager Community Office Manager , Jeffrey W. Alabran Director of Private Banking Lori L. Curtis Clearfield Main Office Senior Vice President , Mary A. Baker Community Office Manager , Dustin A. Minarchick Commercial Banking , Indiana Assistant Vice President , Market Philipsburg Plaza Office Commercial / Retail Banking Officer Michael E. Haines Manager , Northern Cambria Office Autumn F. Farley Andrew V. Nedzinski Vice President , Vickie L. Baker Commercial Banking Officer Assistant Commercial Banking Officer Commercial Banking , St. Marys Assistant Vice President , Beverly A. Greene Nadine J. Rodgers Karen R. Pfingstler Market Manager , Bradford Main Office Banking Officer , Portfolio Manager Banking Officer , Indiana Vice President , Katie M. Whysong Douglas M. Shaffer Caroline Henry Commercial Banking , DuBois Assistant Vice President , Community Office Manager , Community Office Manager , Matthew Q. Raptosh Commercial Banking Philipsburg Presqueisle Street Office Punxsutawney Office Regional Vice President , James C. Davidson Lori D. Shimel Tyler A. Kirkwood Commercial Banking , Blair County Assistant Vice President , Commercial Banking Officer Community Office Manager , Private Banking Joseph H. Yaros Heather Koptchak Houtzdale and Madera Offices Vice President , Denise J. Greene Sherry Wallace Market Manager Commercial Banking , Bradford Assistant Vice President , Jacklyn M. Lantzy Mortgage Banking Officer David W. Ogden Private Banking Community Office Manager , Gregory R. Williams Vice President , Credit Administration Cory K. Johnston Banking Officer , Clearfield Blair County Office Eileen F. Ryan Assistant Vice President , Credit Administration Lisa A. Marchiori Joel M. Zupich Vice President , Mortgage Lending Credit Officer Community Office Manager , Ruth Anne Ryan - Catalano Katie A. Penoyer DuBois Office Kevin C. Wain Assistant Vice President , Vice President , Retail Banking James V. Masone Community Office Assistant Manager , Treasury Services C. Brett Stewart Assistant Commercial Banking Officer Clearfield Industrial Park Road Office Vice President , Heather D. Serafini Assistant Vice President , Commercial Banking , Indiana Private Banking Wealth Asset Management Services Craig C. Ball Calvin R. Thomas , Jr. R. Michael Love Vice President , Wealth Asset Vice President , Wealth Asset Assistant Vice President , Wealth Asset Management Management Management Eric A. Johnson Andrew D. Franson Dorthy M. Turner Vice President , Wealth Asset Assistant Vice President , Wealth Asset Wealth Asset Management Officer Management Management Glenn R. Pentz Vice President , Wealth Asset Management 2016 ANNUAL REPORT HIGHLIGHTS 9 .
From 1976 to 1981 , Mr. Levy was employed by Capar Components Corp , an importer and supplier of capacitor and resistor products .
As a result , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT may sustain losses that exceed or that are excluded from CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT insurance coverage or for which CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT are not insured .
In July 2015 , Sempra Mexico s subsidiary , IEnova , entered into an agreement to purchase PEMEX s 50 - percent interest in GdC , which upon closing would increase its interest from 50 percent to 100 percent .
YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . subsidiary , YOD Hong Kong , was incorporated in Hong Kong and under the current laws of Hong Kong , is subject to Profits Tax of 16.5 % .
The following tables present the fair value hierarchy for GCP 's proportionate share of the U.S. qualified pension plan assets measured at fair value , which are held in a trust by Grace , as of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 .
ACTIVECARE , INC . agreed to pay Bluestone Advisors , LLC $ 20,000 per month and 2,000,000 shares of common stock with a fair value of $ 360,000 .
On October 10 , 2013 , Thunder Energies Corp issued fifty million ( 50,000,000 ) shares of Thunder Energies Corp Series A Convertible Preferred Stock ( the Preferred Stock ) to Hadronic Technologies Press , Inc. ( Hadronic ) , a Florida corporation maintaining its principal place of business at 35246 US Highway 19 North , Suite # 215 , Palm Harbor , Florida 34684 .
Leo P. Denault Leo P. Denault Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Entergy Corporation .
Our financial success is dependent to a significant degree upon the efforts of Aron Govil , CEMTREX INC Executive Director , and Saagar Govil , CEMTREX INC President and Chief Executive Officer .
Westwood Management provides investment advisory services to institutional investors , a family of mutual funds called the Westwood Funds , other mutual funds , an Ireland - domiciled fund organized pursuant to the European Union s Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities ( the UCITS Fund ) , individual investors and clients of Westwood Trust .
In addition , if the distribution of Hewlett Packard Enterprise s common shares to the HP stockholders is determined to be taxable , Hewlett Packard Enterprise and HP would share the tax liability equally , unless the taxability of the distribution is the direct result of action taken by either Hewlett Packard Enterprise or HP subsequent to the distribution , in which case the party causing the distribution to be taxable would be responsible for any taxes imposed on the distribution .
During the six months ended September 30 , 2017 , Oivi Launonen , former CEO of SEGUIN NATURAL HAIR PRODUCTS INC , made a total contribution of $ 1,000 on April 7 , 2017 .
Alliant Energy s increase was primarily due to asset valuation charges at AEF related to the Franklin County wind farm in the third quarter of 2016 , higher revenues resulting from IPL s interim retail electric base rate increase implemented in April 2017 and WPL s retail electric and gas base rate increases implemented in January 2017 , partially offset by estimated temperature impacts on IPL s and WPL s retail electric and gas sales , higher depreciation expense , higher energy efficiency cost recovery amortization at WPL , and lower AFUDC at IPL .
IMMUNOMEDICS INC industry and IMMUNOMEDICS INC are subject to intense regulation from the U.S. Government and such other governments and quasi - official regulatory bodies where IMMUNOMEDICS INC products are and product candidates may be sold .
Town of Mansfield Agreement Connecticut Water and the Town of Mansfield entered into an agreement for Connecticut Water to serve the Town of Mansfield community .
SPECTRUM PHARMACEUTICALS INC current period benefit for income taxes of $ 0.2 million is primarily due to SPECTRUM PHARMACEUTICALS INC expected 2017 tax losses and an unrealized investment gain recognized in " accumulated other comprehensive income ( loss ) " on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets .
The Colomer U.S. Subsidiaries became additional guarantors in January 2014 and the New U.S. Subsidiaries became additional guarantors in January and May 2015 , in each case under Products Corporation s Amended Term Loan Facility and Amended Revolving Credit Facility and the 5 % Senior Notes Indenture .
Primo Water Corp provide major retailers throughout the United States and Canada with a single - vendor solution for Primo Water Corp two reporting segments , Primo Dispensers ( Dispensers ) and Primo Water ( Water ) , addressing a market demand that Primo Water Corp believe was previously unmet .
( d ) If SRT removes 3032 Wilshire SM LLC as the Manager , SRT shall indemnify and hold Rothacker and Manager harmless from any loss , damage , or claim , including reasonable attorney fees , arising subsequent to his removal by reason of any act or omission performed or omitted by Strategic Realty Trust , Inc , SRT , or a substitute guarantor and their respective agents under the Loan Documents , including under any guaranty from and after the date of such removal .
Following the June 3 , 2016 acquisition of substantially all of the assets and operations of Joe Johnson Equipment , Inc. and Joe Johnson Equipment ( USA ) , Inc. ( collectively , JJE ) , FEDERAL SIGNAL CORP /DE/ has transactions involving the sale of equipment to certain of its customers which include ( i ) guarantees to repurchase the equipment for a fixed price at a future date and ( ii ) guarantees to repurchase the equipment from the third - party lender in the event of default by the customer .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of The Toro Company ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarterly period ended February 3 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , TORO CO , Richard M. Olson , President and Chief Executive Officer of TORO CO , and Renee J. Peterson , Vice President , Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of TORO CO , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to TORO CO knowledge : .
The Advisor will be reimbursed for Resource Income Opportunity REIT , Inc. s allocable share of costs for Advisor personnel , including allocable personnel salaries and benefits .
If Dova Pharmaceuticals , Inc. do not comply with Dova Pharmaceuticals , Inc. obligations under the Eisai stock purchase agreement , the TSA or the Eisai note as required , Dova Pharmaceuticals , Inc. could lose developmental and operational support from Dova Pharmaceuticals , Inc. counterparties and lose Dova Pharmaceuticals , Inc. rights to avatrombopag , which would materially and adversely affect Dova Pharmaceuticals , Inc. drug development efforts and Dova Pharmaceuticals , Inc. future financial performance .
In July 2012 , Paratek Pharmaceuticals , Inc. received notifications from three companies , Actavis Elizabeth LLC , or Actavis Elizabeth , Watson Laboratories , Inc. Florida , or Watson , and Novel Laboratories , Inc , or Novel , in September 2012 , from each of Par Pharmaceutical , In c. and Par Formulations Private Ltd , together , the Par Entities , in February 2013 from Dr. Reddy s Laboratories , Inc. and Dr. Reddy s Laboratories , Ltd , together , Dr. Reddy s , and in July 2013 from TWi Pharmaceuticals , Inc , or Twi , stating that each has filed with the FDA an ANDA , that references Intermezzo .
On December 22 , 2014 , Maine Water and CoBank entered into an amendment to Amended and Restated Master Loan Agreement by and between Maine Water and CoBank , dated as of December 1 , 2012 pursuant to which CoBank loaned Maine Water $ 4,500,000 .
Prior to March 28 , 2013 , GAIF II was organized as a Delaware Limited Liability Company which was formed on May 16 , 2006 .
As a result of LINN Energy completing a public offering of some of its units in May 2015 , LinnCo , LLC s ownership of LINN Energy s outstanding units decreased from approximately 39 % to approximately 37 % .
LAYNE CHRISTENSEN CO current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund LAYNE CHRISTENSEN CO U.S. operations .
Eastside Distilling , Inc. s condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 include MotherLode s results of operations from the acquisition date of March 8 , 2017 through September 30 , 2017 .
Devinder Kumar Name : Devinder Kumar Title : Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer .
Name Positions Held Date of Election or Designation Lawrence Calarco CEO July 2014 through present Director July 2014 through present Charles Dargan II CFO July 2014 through present Director July 2014 through present Principal Accounting Officer July 2014 through present Loreen Calarco Secretary July 2014 through present Director July 2014 through present Jeffrey Michel Director July 2014 through present Business Experience Lawrence Calarco :
Chief Operating Officer , Dr. Bruce Werber , and Chief Technology Officer , Terrell Suddarth , all work product that is created , prepared , produced , authored , edited , amended , conceived or reduced to practice by each executive individually or jointly with others during the period of their employment by Biotech Products Services & Research , Inc. and relating in any way to the business or contemplated business , research or development of the Company ( regardless of when or where the Work Product is prepared or whose equipment or other resources is used in preparing the same ) , as well as any and all rights in and to copyrights , trade secrets , trademarks ( and related goodwill ) , patents and other intellectual property rights therein arising in any jurisdiction throughout the world and all related rights of priority under international conventions with respect thereto , including all pending and future applications and registrations therefor , and continuations , divisions , continuations - in - part , reissues , extensions and renewals thereof ( collectively , Intellectual Property Rights ) , the sole and exclusive property of the Company .
Additionally , a decrease in MIRAGEN THERAPEUTICS , INC . stock price may cause MIRAGEN THERAPEUTICS , INC . common stock to no longer satisfy the continued listing standards of The NASDAQ Capital Market .
The severance payment is two times the base salary and target payout under the annual Performance Pay Program for Mr. Connally and one times the base salary and target payout under the annual Performance Pay Program for the other named executive officers .
In addition , Mr. Canning served in various other positions , including : principal director of fund administration for BHR Fund Advisors , LP from 2006 to 2008 ; principal , vice president , and managing director of fund administration for Constellation Investment Management Company , L.P. from 2004 to 2006 ; CCO for Constellation Funds Group from 2004 to 2005 ; principal and assistant director of fund administration for Turner Investment Partners , Inc. from 2000 to 2004 ; and account and portfolio operations and management positions for SEI Investments Company from 1993 to 2000 .
Exhibit 32.2 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 - K of La Quinta Holdings Inc. ( the Company ) for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , James H. Forson , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of La Quinta Holdings Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
On December 31 , 2015 , J. Lynn Beckstead , Jr , who served as Vice President of Mortgage Operations and President of SecurityNational Mortgage , retired from the Company .
Pursuant to the MSA , SunEdison agreed to provide or arrange for other service providers to provide management and administrative services including legal , accounting , tax , treasury , project finance , information technology , insurance , employee benefit costs , communications , human resources and procurement to the Company .
In the U.K , COPART INC operate both on a principal basis , purchasing the salvage vehicles outright from the insurance companies and reselling the vehicles for COPART INC own account , and as an agent .
In addition , Viking Therapeutics , Inc. agreed to use the proceeds from the loans solely as working capital and to fund Viking Therapeutics , Inc. general business requirements in accordance with Viking Therapeutics , Inc. forecast and budget , and not to take certain actions without Ligand s consent , including , but not limited to , declaring or paying dividends , incurring or repaying certain indebtedness or engaging in certain related party transactions .
Effective April 1 , 2015 , CSW INDUSTRIALS , INC . acquired substantially all of the assets of Strathmore , a leading participant in the coatings market .
To the extent to which he may qualify , he shall , in addition , be entitled to participate in all plans now or hereafter adopted for Executives or employees , including , but not limited to , pension , group insurance or medical plans , and in any other employee benefit plans , whether similar to or different from any of the foregoing categories , offered or made available by MAYS J W INC . ( C ) MAYS J W INC shall reimburse Lyke upon submission of vouchers by him , for all out - of - pocket expenses for entertainment , travel , meals , hotel accommodations and the like , incurred by him in the interest of the business of MAYS J W INC . ( D ) MAYS J W INC shall have the right , at its option , to allocate payment of Lyke s compensation or expenses , or any part thereof , among its subsidiaries or divisions , if any , to the extent applicable as its Board of Directors may from time to time direct .
Pursuant to the terms of the JV Agreement , Fulgent Genetics , Inc. has agreed to contribute to FF Gene Biotech genetic sequencing and other equipment with a total cost of 60,000,000 renminbi ( RMB ) over a three - year period for a 30 % ownership interest in FF Gene Biotech , Xilong Scientific has agreed to contribute to FF Gene Biotech 102,000,000 RMB over a three - year period for a 51 % ownership interest in the FF Gene Biotech , and FJIP has agreed to contribute to FF Gene Biotech 19,000,000 RMB over a five - year period for a 19 % ownership interest in FF Gene Biotech .
Neither CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON CO N V nor any of its Subsidiaries shall consummate any Asset Sale , except : ( a ) sales of inventory in the ordinary course of business ; ( b ) the Disposition in the ordinary course of business of equipment that is obsolete , excess or no longer used or useful in CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON CO N V s or its Subsidiaries businesses ; ( c ) ( i ) Dispositions of assets between Loan Parties , or from a Subsidiary of CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON CO N V that is not a Loan Party to a Loan Party ; ( ii ) Dispositions of assets from a Subsidiary of CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON CO N V that is not a Loan Party to a Subsidiary of CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON CO N V that is not a Loan Party and ( iii ) Dispositions of assets in the ordinary course of business from a Loan Party to a Subsidiary of CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON CO N V that is not a Loan Party and not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement in an aggregate amount not to exceed $ 50,000,000 from and after the Amendment No . 3 Closing Date ; ( d ) the Permitted Sale and Leaseback Transactions ; ( e ) Dispositions in connection with Project Bluefin ; ( f ) other leases , sales or other Dispositions of assets not otherwise permitted by this Section 7.02 if such transaction ( i ) is for consideration consisting at least eighty percent ( 80 % ) of cash , ( ii ) is for not less than fair market value ( as determined in good faith by CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON CO N V s board of directors ) , and ( iii ) involves assets that , together with all other assets of CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON CO N V and its Subsidiaries previously leased , sold or disposed of ( other than pursuant to clauses ( a ) through ( e ) above ) as permitted by this Section 7.02 ( x ) during the twelve - month period ending with the month in which any such lease , sale or other disposition occurs , do not constitute a Substantial Portion of the assets of CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON CO N V and its Subsidiaries and ( y ) since the Closing Date do not .
From 2011 through 2014 , Mr. Shi served as the chief executive officer and a director on the board of China Growth Equity Investment Limited , which acquired Pingtan Marine Enterprise Limited in February 2013 .
In particular , COPART INC outside legal counsel provided us with an opinion that the sales for resale to non - U.S. registered resellers should not be subject to Georgia sales and use tax .
The WOWIO - owned Spacedog library is available for sale on wowio.com and Wowio , Inc. retains 90 % of all retail sales for that content library .
Mr. Bloom has served as CEO for Aston Hotels Resorts ( now Aqua Aston Hospitality , LLC ) for over 15 years , and also served as President of Aston Hotels Resorts until March 2014 .
Generally , the amounts DISH Network pays for products and services provided under the agreements are based on Hughes Satellite Systems Corp cost plus a fixed margin ( unless noted differently below ) , which varies depending on the nature of the products and services provided .
NEOPHOTONICS CORP use suppliers from the U.S , China , Japan and other locations .
On March 6 , 2017 , Neos Therapeutics , Inc. entered into a License Agreement ( the 2017 License Agreement ) with Shire , pursuant to which Shire granted us a non - exclusive license to certain patents owned by Shire for certain activities with respect to Adzenys ER .
As of September 30 , 2017 , SB / RH Holdings , LLC have provided no significant residual US taxes on earnings not yet taxed in the U.S.
From January 2011 to July 2013 , Mr. Wolff served as Chief Financial Officer and director for 365 Retail Markets , LLC , a micro - market self - checkout POS technology firm , and from January 2006 to January 2011 , Mr. Wolff served as Co - Founder and Chief Financial Officer of Paysimple , Inc , a provider of payment management solutions .
Compliance with regulatory net capital requirements could limit those operations that require the intensive use of capital , such as underwriting and trading activities , and also could restrict FBR & Co. ability to withdraw capital from FBRCM and MLV , which in turn could limit FBR & Co. ability to pay dividends , repay debt and redeem or repurchase shares of FBR & Co. outstanding capital stock .
Additionally , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. has the right to acquire approximately 29,290,700 shares of U - Swirl s common stock as of November 30 , 2015 through the conversion of outstanding debt owed by U - Swirl to the Company ( see discussion of the U - Swirl Loan Agreement below ) .
YOU On Demand Holdings , Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 19 , YOU On Demand , through its subsidiaries and variable interest entity , provides premium content and integrated value - added service solutions for the delivery of VOD and paid video programming to digital cable providers , Internet Protocol Television ( IPTV ) providers , Over - the - Top ( OTT ) streaming providers , mobile manufacturers and operators , as well as direct customers .
Dr. Spivey currently serves as a scientific advisor to the pharmaceutical industry and as a member of the Board of Councilors , University of Southern California , and School of Pharmacy .
On January 3 , 2014 , AIP Acquisition LLC ( AIP ) , filed a lawsuit against Vonage Holdings Corp , Vonage America , Inc , and Vonage Marketing LLC in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that Vonage s products and services are covered by United States Patent No . 7,269,247 .
ACTIVECARE , INC . also agreed to pay Purizer Corporation 8.5 % of revenue from this customer as long as the sales contract remains in full force .
Prior to May 2015 , Ms. Yu was the Assistant Chief Compliance Officer and AML Officer of the USCF ETF Trust .
In identifying candidates for membership on the board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner , Mr. Schwarzman takes into account ( a ) minimum individual qualifications , such as strength of character , mature judgment , industry knowledge or experience and an ability to work collegially with the other members of the board of directors , and ( b ) all other factors he considers appropriate .
MOSAIC CO have not recorded U.S. deferred income taxes on certain of MOSAIC CO non - U.S. subsidiaries undistributed earnings as such amounts are intended to be reinvested outside the United States indefinitely .
Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. fiscal year ends on December 31 of each year , beginning with the year ended December 31 , 2013 .
MARCUS CORP evaluated the ongoing value of its property and equipment and other long - lived assets during the Transition Period , fiscal 2015 , fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013 and determined that there was no impact on MARCUS CORP s results of operations , other than the impairment charges discussed in Note 2 .
On October 1 , 2015 , Blackstone formed a new holding partnership , Blackstone Holdings AI L.P , which will hold certain operating entities and operate in a manner similar to the existing Blackstone Holdings Partnerships .
Pursuant to the terms of InspireMD , Inc. loan and security agreement , the lender made a term loan to us and InspireMD Ltd. in aggregate amount of $ 10 million .
ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. opened ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. first restaurant in January 2004 in New York City and as of December 31 , 2015 , ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. owned and operated ( under lease agreements ) 13 and managed ( under management agreements ) 15 restaurants and lounges globally .
( 2 ) Fiscal 2015 results includes $ 34,900 of transaction fees for advisory , legal and accounting services in connection with the Distribution and Merger and a $ 25,000 litigation charge pertaining to a Raytheon lawsuit settlement .
The 2016 STIP authorized the Compensation Committee , in its discretion , to include or exclude the impact of acquisitions and/or dispositions of businesses during the performance period that would distort HMS s 2016 financial results ; however , the Compensation Committee did not make any such adjustments in 2016 .
For example , in fiscal year 2017 MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings , Inc. experienced decreased demand in China for MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings , Inc. products targeting 2.5 Gigabit passive optical networks ( PON ) , metro / long - haul optical network deployments and other carrier - side applications , as carriers began migrating from 2.5 Gigabit to 10 Gigabit PON and the pace of provincial network deployments in China slowed .
Mr. Osgood previously served as Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , Chief Administrative Officer and Treasurer of Legacy Xenith and Legacy Xenith Bank , from December 22 , 2009 until July 29 , 2016 .
On August 8 , 2016 , Blue Line Protection Group , Inc. entered into , an promissory note with Hypur Inc , a Nevada Corporation which is a related party pursuant to which Blue Line Protection Group , Inc. to borrow $ 52,000 .
On February 19 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. issued to Mr. Rector , the current Chief Financial Officer and a director of Orbital Tracking Corp. and former Chief Executive Officer of Orbital Tracking Corp , 850,000 shares of common stock and a seven year immediately vested option to purchase 2,150,000 shares of common stock at a purchase price of $ 0.05 per share as compensation for services provided to Orbital Tracking Corp. On February 19 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. sold an aggregate of 550,000 units at a per unit purchase price of $ 2.00 , in a private placement to certain accredited investors for gross proceeds of $ 1,100,000 .
The High Court affirmed the Tokyo District Court 's February 2016 decision upholding previous customs assessments related to the importation of several of NU SKIN ENTERPRISES INC products into Japan during 2010 .
CLARCOR Inc. ( CLARCOR ) was organized in 1904 as an Illinois corporation and in 1969 was reincorporated in the State of Delaware .
Mr. Frias joined Nucor in 1991 as Controller of Nucor Building Systems - Indiana .
Chief Executive Officer and Chief President Bear .
TEL INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP believe that TEL INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP are well positioned as TEL INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP CRAFT and TS-4530A flight - line test sets have been endorsed by the U.S. military and TEL INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP have already delivered test sets into 18 international markets .
Mr. CACERES L PEZ acts as CEO and legal representative of AUTOBYTEL INC , as shown with the notarized certificate authorized herein on October 4 , 2011 by Juan Carlos PARADA GARC A , Notary .
Also , by majority shareholder written consent , Ambient Water Corp authorized an additional 300,000,000 Preferred Shares of Ambient Water Corporation bringing the total authorized Preferred Shares to 400,000,000 .
DANIEL D. WOODLAND became CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORP Vice President and Chief Marketing and Operations Officer in October 2017 , and prior to that had served as CABOT MICROELECTRONICS CORP Vice President of Marketing since January 2015 .
On or about February 28 , 2017 , Christopher Stramacchia , President of iSee Automation , notified BRK , Inc. that it believes that iSee Automation terminated the Revenue Assignment Agreement .
In connection with the quarterly report of eXp World Holdings , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hererof ( the Report ) , I , Alan Goldman , as Chief Financial Officer of EXP World Holdings , Inc , hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to my knowledge : .
Certifications of David T. Walton , President , Director and Chief Executive Officer of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation , and James A. Duensing , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Caterpillar Financial Services Corporation , as required pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
Invitae Corp revenue was $ 24.7 million and $ 9.5 million , respectively , and Invitae Corp incurred net losses of $ 55.5 million and $ 50.4 million , respectively .
As a result of the May 2012 and March 2013 private offerings of common stock to XL Investments Ltd , an indirectly wholly owned subsidiary of XL Group Ltd , XL Investments Ltd owns a significant minority investment in the Company .
Now that INSTRUCTURE INC stock is publicly traded , INSTRUCTURE INC use the market closing price of INSTRUCTURE INC common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange for the fair value .
Following these transactions , Mr. Aland owned 69.12 % and Mr. Kelly owned 11.94 % of Demand Pooling , Inc. s 34,391,506 issued and outstanding shares of common stock par value $ 0.0001 and the interest of Accelerated Venture Partners , LLC was reduced to approximately 9.69 % of the total issued and outstanding shares .
Effective November 12 , 2010 , ExpressJet Delaware and Continental entered into the ExpressJet United ERJ Agreement , whereby ExpressJet Delaware agreed to provide regional airline service in the Continental flight system .
MICHAEL S. LEONARD Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer ( Principal Accounting Officer ) November 9 , 2017 Michael S. Leonard .
Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences from OPTICAL CABLE CORP expectations or that could adversely affect OPTICAL CABLE CORP include , but are not limited to : the level of sales to key customers , including distributors ; timing of certain projects and purchases by key customers ; the economic conditions affecting network service providers ; corporate and/or government spending on information technology ; actions by competitors ; fluctuations in the price of raw materials ( including optical fiber , copper , gold and other precious metals , plastics and other materials ) ; fluctuations in transportation costs ; OPTICAL CABLE CORP dependence on customized equipment for the manufacture of certain of OPTICAL CABLE CORP products in certain production facilities ; OPTICAL CABLE CORP ability to protect OPTICAL CABLE CORP proprietary manufacturing technology ; market conditions influencing prices or pricing in one or more of the markets in which OPTICAL CABLE CORP participate , including the impact of increased competition ; OPTICAL CABLE CORP dependence on a limited number of suppliers ; the loss of or conflict with one or more key suppliers or customers ; an adverse outcome in litigation , claims and other actions , and potential litigation , claims and other actions against us ; an adverse outcome in regulatory reviews and audits and potential regulatory reviews and audits ; adverse changes in state tax laws and/or positions taken by state taxing authorities affecting us ; technological changes and introductions of new competing products ; changes in end - user preferences for competing technologies relative to OPTICAL CABLE CORP product offering ; economic conditions that affect the telecommunications sector , the data communications sector , certain technology sectors and/or certain industry market sectors ( for example , mining , oil gas , military and wireless carrier industry market sectors ) ; economic conditions that affect U.S. based manufacturers ; economic conditions or changes in relative currency strengths ( for example , the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies ) that affect certain geographic markets , the relative costs of U.S. products exported , and/or the economy as a whole ; changes in demand for OPTICAL CABLE CORP products from certain competitors for which OPTICAL CABLE CORP provide private label connectivity products ; changes in the mix of products sold during any given period ( due to , among other things , seasonality or strength or weaknesses in particular markets in which OPTICAL CABLE CORP participate ) which may impact gross profits and gross profit margins or net sales ; variations in orders and production volumes of hybrid cables ( fiber and copper ) with high copper content , which tend to have lower gross profit margins ; variations resulting from high volatility , large sales orders and high sales concentration among a limited number of customers in the wireless carrier market ; terrorist attacks or acts of war , and any current or potential future military conflicts ; changes in the level of military spending or other spending by the United States government , including , but not limited to reductions in government spending due to automatic budget cuts or sequestration ; ability to recruit and retain key personnel ; poor labor relations ; the impact of changes in accounting policies and related costs of compliance , including changes by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) , the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB ) , the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) , and/or the International Accounting Standards Board ( IASB OPTICAL CABLE CORP ability to continue to successfully comply with , and the cost of compliance with , the provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 or any revisions to that act which apply to us ; the impact of changes and potential changes in federal laws and regulations adversely affecting OPTICAL CABLE CORP business and/or which result in increases in OPTICAL CABLE CORP direct and indirect costs , including OPTICAL CABLE CORP direct and indirect costs of compliance with such laws and regulations ; the impact of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 , the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 , and any revisions to those acts that apply to us and the related legislation and regulation associated with those acts , which directly or indirectly result in increases to OPTICAL CABLE CORP costs ; the impact of changes in state or federal tax laws and regulations increasing OPTICAL CABLE CORP costs and/or impacting the net return to investors owning OPTICAL CABLE CORP shares ; any changes in the status of OPTICAL CABLE CORP compliance with financial debt covenants with OPTICAL CABLE CORP lender ; OPTICAL CABLE CORP ability to maintain and/or secure debt financing and/or equity financing to adequately finance OPTICAL CABLE CORP ongoing operations ; the impact of future consolidation among competitors and/or among customers adversely affecting OPTICAL CABLE CORP position with OPTICAL CABLE CORP customers and/or OPTICAL CABLE CORP market position ; actions by customers adversely affecting us in reaction to the expansion of OPTICAL CABLE CORP product offering in any manner , including , but not limited to , by offering products that compete with OPTICAL CABLE CORP customers , and/or by entering into alliances with , making investments in or with , and/or acquiring parties that compete with and/or have conflicts with OPTICAL CABLE CORP customers ; voluntary or involuntary delisting of OPTICAL CABLE CORP s common stock from any exchange on which it is traded ; the deregistration by OPTICAL CABLE CORP from SEC reporting requirements , as a result of the small number of holders of OPTICAL CABLE CORP s common stock ; a continued suspension of dividends declared to shareholders due to inadequate or alternative uses of cash on hand ; adverse reactions by customers , vendors or other service providers to unsolicited proposals regarding the ownership or management of the Company ; the additional costs of considering , responding to and possibly defending OPTICAL CABLE CORP position on unsolicited proposals regarding the ownership or management of the Company ; impact of weather or natural disasters in the areas of the world in which OPTICAL CABLE CORP operate , market OPTICAL CABLE CORP products and/or acquire raw materials ; an increase in the number of shares of OPTICAL CABLE CORP s common stock issued and outstanding ; further economic downturns generally and/or in one or more of the markets in which OPTICAL CABLE CORP operate ; changes in market demand , exchange rates , productivity , market dynamics , market confidence , macroeconomic and/or other economic conditions in the areas of the world in which OPTICAL CABLE CORP operate and market OPTICAL CABLE CORP products ; and OPTICAL CABLE CORP success in managing the risks involved in the foregoing .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Hyperdynamics Corporation ( Hyperdynamics ) , on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , David Wesson , Principal Financial Officer of Hyperdynamics , does hereby certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ( 18 U.S.C. 1350 ) , that to his knowledge : .
In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 - K of eWellness Healthcare Corporation ( the Company ) for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , the undersigned David Markowski , Chief Financial Officer of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp , certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of my knowledge : .
The Exchange Agreement , as amended June 6 , 2012 and July 23 , 2015 , provides that Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. may facilitate the redemption by Holdings of interests held by its members through the issuance of shares of common stock through a public offering in exchange for the interests in IBG LLC being redeemed by Holdings .
As described below , on May 4 , 2017 , EnSync , Inc. terminated the Supply Agreement .
In the opinion of USD Partners LP management , they contain all adjustments , consisting only of normal recurring adjustments , which USD Partners LP management considers necessary to present fairly USD Partners LP financial position as of September 30 , 2017 , USD Partners LP results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , and USD Partners LP cash flows for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
Since 2004 , Mr. Given has also served as a consultant and advisor to Madison Park LLC , which has , in the past , provided certain advisory services to the Company .
SB / RH Holdings , LLC has entered into a registration rights agreement ( the Registration Rights Agreement ) with HRG , certain of HRG s stockholders and certain other of SB / RH Holdings , LLC stockholders .
CITRIX SYSTEMS INC effective tax rate generally differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35 % due primarily to lower tax rates on earnings generated by CITRIX SYSTEMS INC foreign operations that are taxed primarily in Switzerland .
The results of the acquired stations during the years ended 2013 , 2014 , and 2015 are included in SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC results of SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC continuing operations for the years ended 2013 , 2014 , and 2015 from their respective dates of acquisition .
The reconciliation of income tax at the U.S. statutory rate to AOXING PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY , INC . 's effective tax rate is as follows : .
On April 30 , 2014 , Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. entered into a Master Property Purchase and Sale Agreement ( the Agreement ) with Deep Blue Enterprises , LLC , a Colorado limited liability company that is the successor in interest to New Alternatives Consulting LLC ( Deep Blue ) .
He previously served as President , Chief Executive Officer and Director from January 2010 to December 2011 and from December 2007 to January 2010 , Mr. Ellis served as President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company .
From February 2009 to July 2013 , Ms. Spellings served as President and CEO of Margaret Spellings and Company .
In October 2015 , NovaBay Pharmaceuticals , Inc. also entered into an underwriting agreement with Roth Capital Partners , LLC , relating to the public offering and sale of up to ( i ) 492,000 shares of NovaBay Pharmaceuticals , Inc. s common stock ; and ( ii ) warrants to purchase up to 442,802 shares of NovaBay Pharmaceuticals , Inc. s common stock ( the October 2015 Warrants ) with an exercise price of $ 5.00 per share ( the October 2015 Offering ) .
Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. business and operations are located exclusively in California , and all of Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. revenue is derived from Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. operations in California .
The SBA , as a creditor , will have a superior claim to the SBIC s assets over Stellus Capital Investment Corp s stockholders in the event Stellus Capital Investment Corp liquidates the SBIC subsidiary or the SBA exercises its remedies under the SBA - guaranteed debentures issued by the SBIC subsidiary upon an event of default .
Dwight O. Seegmiller , Director , President and Chief Executive Officer .
From 2001 to 2007 , Dr. Heaton served on the board of Mity Enterprises Inc , and was a member of its Compensation Committee .
To date , Immune Design Corp. have funded Immune Design Corp. operations primarily through proceeds from the issuance of Immune Design Corp. stock , payments received under license and collaboration agreements and GLA product sales .
FNB CORP / PA/ net investment in LIHTCs was $ 14.7 million and $ 14.0 million at March 31 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , respectively .
In 1998 , President Clinton appointed Mr. Manning to the President s Export Council , the premiere committee comprised of major corporate CEOs that advise the President on matters of foreign trade and commerce .
On January 31 , 2017 , ARC Group , Inc. entered into an amendment to ARC Group , Inc. employment agreement with Mr. Akam .
InspireMD , Inc. are also subject to certain restrictions pursuant to InspireMD , Inc. loan and security agreement with Hercules Technology Growth Capital , Inc , which prohibits us from paying dividends or distributions on InspireMD , Inc. common stock .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 ( the Report ) of ETF Managers Group Commodity Trust I ( the Registrant ) and its Fund , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I , Samuel Masucci III , the Principal Executive Officer of the Registrant , hereby certify , to the best of my knowledge , that : .
If you are Employed in the United Kingdom , Discover Financial Services will act in accordance with the Data Protection Act of 1998 as amended from time to time regarding any personal information which you provide to it in connection with your Equity Award ( including the amount of the award ) and you consent to the processing of such personal information in order to facilitate your participation in such equity incentive program , for any purposes required by law or regulation , or for any other legitimate business purpose .
These 4 major long - term customers ( referred to as Customer A , B , C and D above mentioned in the Financial Statements of this Annual Report ) , constitute accounts receivable in the aggregate amount of $ 60,303,931 , which is equivalent to 14 % of Sino Agro Food , Inc. consolidated revenues ( $ 429,053,484 ) for the year 2016 as shown in the table below : .
During the third quarter of Fiscal 2017 CAPSTONE TURBINE Corp net loss increased by 48 % to $ 8.9 million and CAPSTONE TURBINE Corp basic loss per share improved by 24 % to $ 0.26 ( $ 0.28 diluted loss per share ) compared to the same period last year .
On November 9 , 2016 , REMARK HOLDINGS , INC . entered into a common stock purchase agreement ( as amended , the Aspire Purchase Agreement ) with Aspire Capital Fund , LLC ( Aspire Capital ) , which provides that Aspire Capital is committed to purchase up to an aggregate of $ 20.0 million of shares of REMARK HOLDINGS , INC . common stock over the 30 -month term of the Aspire Purchase Agreement .
Mr. Schriesheim also served as a director of Dobson Communications Corp. from 2004 to 2007 , a director of Lawson Software from 2006 to 2011 , a director and Co - Chairman of MSC Software Corporation from 2007 to 2009 and a director of Georgia Gulf Corporation from 2009 to 2010 .
Mr. Krimbill has served as NGL Energy Partners LP Chief Executive Officer since October 2010 and as a member of the board of directors of NGL Energy Partners LP general partner since its formation in September 2010 .
From 1990 to 1991 , Ms. Overbaugh was President of the Utah Home Office Underwriters Association .
As of December 31 , 2014 , the consolidated balance sheet of Equinox Frontier Diversified Fund included the assets and liabilities of its majority owned Frontier Trading Company I , LLC and , Frontier Trading Company XXXV , LLC .
In addition , while AXT INC possess management skills among AXT INC China staff that enable us to maintain AXT INC manufacturing operations with minimal on - site supervision from AXT INC U.S. based staff , AXT INC business could also be harmed if travel to or from China and the United States is restricted or inadvisable .
Payments were made of approximately $ 2,600,000 ( RMB 16,107,000 ) based upon 2012 income while the local tax bureau reviewed Wonhe High - Tech International , Inc. s financial results .
MARCUS CORP third fiscal quarter has historically produced MARCUS CORP weakest quarterly operating results in MARCUS CORP hotels and resorts division , primarily due to the effects of reduced travel during the winter months .
In the United States , NUVASIVE INC sell NUVASIVE INC products through a combination of exclusive independent sales agents and directly - employed sales personnel .
However , given the full valuation allowance and the net operating losses in the United States , the impact to CAVIUM , INC . s consolidated financial statements and cash taxes is expected to be zero .
Based on this RES , WPL was required to supply a minimum of 9.28 % of its total Wisconsin retail electric sales with renewable energy sources by 2015 .
As compensation , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. agreed to pay to International Compass $ 12,000 per month during the term of the agreement payable in cash and/or common shares of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company that were previously registered on Form S-8 at Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. sole discretion .
ACF also required as a condition to entering into the Loan Agreement Amendment that ACF enter into a participation agreement with certain related parties of Castle Brands Inc , including Frost Gamma Investments Trust , Mark E. Andrews , III , Richard J. Lampen and Alfred J. Small , to allow for the sale of participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof .
CPI Card Group Inc. 2014 reported results include four months of results from EFT Source .
Regulations in the U.S , the EU , Canada and in other countries in which REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP operates that are designed to protect consumers or the environment have an increasing influence on REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's product claims , ingredients and packaging .
On August 17 , 2015 , Mr. Chua Seong Seng was appointed as the President , Chief Executive Officer and a director , Ms. Lim Wei Lin was appointed as Secretary and a director .
Mr. Gentner joined us in June 2012 as Senior Vice President , Marketing and was promoted to Executive Vice President , Chief Marketing Officer in June 2014 .
Dr. Eric Rowinsky , NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS , INC . current Chairman , was recommended for appointment to NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS , INC . s Board of Directors by Dr. Goldberg at a time when Dr. Goldberg was affiliated with Platinum and has , since that time , been elected by NAVIDEA BIOPHARMACEUTICALS , INC . s stockholders to continue to serve as an independent director .
The Carnero Joint Ventures were formed in October 2015 for the purposes of constructing a 200 MMcf / d cryogenic plant and approximately 45 miles of high pressure gathering pipelines .
Cleco Power Cleco Power LLC and its subsidiaries , a wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Holdings Carbon dioxide Coughlin Cleco Power s 775 - MW , combined - cycle power plant located in St. Landry , Louisiana Clean Power Plan Dolet Hills Lignite Company , LLC , a wholly owned subsidiary of SWEPCO Diversified Lands Diversified Lands LLC , a wholly owned subsidiary of Cleco Holdings Dodd - Frank Act Dodd - Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 Dolet Hills A facility consisting of Dolet Hills Power Station , the Dolet Hills mine , and the Oxbow mine Dolet Hills Power Station A 650 - MW generating unit at Cleco Power s plant site in Mansfield , Louisiana .
Marcia H. Kendrick , Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President .
In addition , SUNRISE REAL ESTATE GROUP INC is required to maintain all monies received from sales of any properties relating to the Linyi project in a stipulated bank account as guaranteed funds .
Mr. Byrd also serves as Treasurer and Assistant Secretary of Blue Dolphin , positions for which he was appointed in 2012 .
On January 21 , 2014 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into a securities purchase agreement with Auracana LLC , an entity owned by Glenn Kesner , Orbital Tracking Corp. Secretary and the holder of the majority of Orbital Tracking Corp. voting stock at the time , pursuant to which Orbital Tracking Corp. sold to Auracana Orbital Tracking Corp. wholly owned subsidiaries H - Hybrid Technologies , Inc , a Florida corporation , and RZ Acquisition Corp , a New York corporation .
CYBEROPTICS CORP operations and markets could be negatively affected by world events that effect economies and commerce in the specific countries , such as China , Singapore and Japan , in which CYBEROPTICS CORP do business .
By the terms of OHA Investment Corp original investment , upon redemption , OHA Investment Corp were due the outstanding face amount of $ 50 million , any unpaid and accrued dividends , plus an option to elect to receive either : a ) a cash payment resulting in a total 12 % return or make - whole ( inclusive of the 8 % cash distributions even if not paid ) , or b ) OHA Investment Corp pro rata share of 2 % of the outstanding regular limited partner interests in Castex Energy 2005 , LP , or Castex , ( 0.67 % net to us ) .
New Mountain Finance Corp 's investment in SLP I is disclosed on New Mountain Finance Corp 's Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of December 31 , 2016 and December 31 , 2015 .
I , Glen W. Brown , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) , certify that : .
ICON ECI Fund Sixteen accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) .
Dynamic Enviro , Inc. ( the Company ) , was incorporated in the state of Florida on October 28 , 2014 .
As of July 31 , 2016 , GENEREX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP has NOL carryforwards in Generex Biotechnology Corporation of approximately $ 201 million , which expire in 2018 through 2036 , in Generex Pharmaceuticals Inc. of approximately $ 32 million , which expire in 2017 through 2036 , and in Antigen Express , Inc. of approximately $ 29 million , which expire in 2026 through 2036 .
MARCUS CORP own and operate The Pfister Hotel , which is located in downtown Milwaukee , Wisconsin .
To address the above material weaknesses , Philip D. Beck , the Chief Executive Officer and President of Ipsidy Inc , and Stuart P. Stoller , the Chief Financial Officer of Ipsidy Inc , which were appointed to such offices on January 31 , 2017 , a date after the relevant filing period disclosed herein , have initiated the following actions to remediate the material weaknesses : .
Eastside Distilling , Inc. s consolidated financial statements for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 include MotherLode s results of operations from the Acquisition date of March 8 , 2017 through March 31 , 2017 .
The functional currency for OHI Healthcare Properties Holdco , Inc. consolidated subsidiaries operating in the U.K. is the British Pound .
YOU On Demand launched its VOD service through acquisition of YOD Hong Kong , formerly Sinotop Group Limited , in July 30 , 2010 through its subsidiary China CB Cayman .
On July 25 , 2012 , Nexus Magneticos de Mexico , S. de R.L. de C.V , a subsidiary of Jefferson Electric , Inc , entered into a $ 1.7 million term loan agreement with GE CF Mexico , S.A. de C.V.
Mr. Holmes served as Trustee of U.S. Global Investors Funds from August 1989 to December 2015 .
Management uses customer satisfaction surveys to evaluate ALABAMA POWER CO 's results and generally targets the top quartile in measuring performance , which ALABAMA POWER CO achieved during 2015 .
NCS Multistage Holdings , Inc. operate through six service facilities principally located in Houston and Midland , Texas ; and Calgary , Red Deer , Grande Prairie and Estevan , Canada .
U.S. Renal Care : As of September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , NexPoint Capital , Inc. held senior secured loans in US Renal Care , Inc. ( U.S. Renal Care ) having an aggregate fair value of $ 8.3 million and $ 4.0 million , respectively .
The MLP Conversion Special Committee was formed by the Board in 2013 to begin a strategic review of the feasibility of optimizing stockholder value by converting Blue Dolphin from a publicly traded C corporation to a publicly traded MLP .
DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC Board appointed the following Directors : Mr. Said Arrata , Mr. Colin Outtrim , Mr. David Roff and Mr. Curtis Sparrow to serve on this committee and Mr. Colin Outtrim was appointed as chairman of the committee .
Any disruption to LAUREATE EDUCATION , INC . operations in Chile would have a material adverse effect on LAUREATE EDUCATION , INC . financial condition and results of operations .
Also at the Initial Closing , as contemplated by the SPA and the Framework Agreement , Hospitality Investors Trust , Inc. changed Hospitality Investors Trust , Inc. name from American Realty Capital Hospitality Trust , Inc. to Hospitality Investors Trust , Inc. and the name of the OP from American Realty Capital Hospitality Operating Partnership , L.P. to Hospitality Investors Trust Operating Partnership , L.P. and completed various other actions required to effect Hospitality Investors Trust , Inc. transition from external management to self - management .
The accompanying unaudited condensed interim financial statements should be read in conjunction with Silver Run Acquisition Corp II s audited financial statements and notes thereto included in Silver Run Acquisition Corp II s prospectus filed with the SEC on March 22 , 2017 , as well as Silver Run Acquisition Corp II s Form 8 - K filed with the SEC on April 4 , 2017 .
On January 5 , 2016 , Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. increased the borrowings under the senior unsecured term loan facility to $ 75.0 million and increased the total capacity of the senior unsecured credit facility to $ 225.0 million , pursuant to the accordion feature of the credit facility .
In the combined undertaking Diebold Nixdorf , J rgen Wunram will join the CEO , Andy Mattes , as the second operationally responsible executive in the Board of Directors of Diebold Nixdorf Inc. Successor of J rgen Wunram as chief financial officer will be Christopher Chapman , who will take this role in addition to his office as CFO of Diebold Nixdorf Inc. with effect as of 1 April 2017 and who will , for this purpose , resign as a member of the Supervisory Board .
On February 7 , 2013 , Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. terminated Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. initial public offering and ceased offering shares of Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. common stock in Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. primary offering and under Strategic Realty Trust , Inc.
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me on this 1 st day of Sept , 2017 , by Chris Olson , Vice President of Public Service Company of New Mexico , a New Mexico corporation , on behalf of the corporation .
In 2008 Ms. Zhao was awarded a Bachelor s Degree by the Central South University .
The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase shares of Rocket Fuel Inc. s common stock at a discount through payroll deductions of up to 15 % of their eligible compensation , subject to any plan limitations .
The majority of NUVASIVE INC operations are located and the majority of NUVASIVE INC sales have been generated in the United States .
WILLIS LEASE FINANCE CORP are prohibited from doing business with persons designated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control , or OFAC , on its Specially Designated Nationals List , and must monitor WILLIS LEASE FINANCE CORP operations and existing and potential lessees for compliance with OFAC s rules .
The decrease in Granite Falls Energy , LLC accounts payable is primarily due to a decrease in Agrinatural 's accounts payables for pipeline construction in progress from period to period .
Storage Services Agreement On February 15 , 2017 , PBF Holding and PBFX s wholly - owned subsidiary , PBFX Operating Company ( " PBFX Op Co " ) entered into a ten - year storage services agreement ( the Chalmette Storage Agreement ) under which PBFX , through PBFX Op Co , will provide storage services to PBF Holding upon the earlier of November 1 , 2017 and the completion of construction of a new tank at PBF Energy Inc. Chalmette refinery .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Bruker Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , each of the undersigned , Frank H. Laukien , President , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of BRUKER CORP , and Anthony L. Mattacchione , Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President of BRUKER CORP , certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of his knowledge : .
Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , ( the Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code ( 18 U.S.C. 1350 ) , Bassil I. Dahiyat , Chief Executive Officer of Xencor , Inc. ( the Company ) , and John J. Kuch , Vice President , Finance of Xencor Inc , each hereby certifies that , to the best of his or her knowledge : .
The following table summarizes Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. quarterly financial data which , in the opinion of management , reflects all adjustments , consisting only of normal recurring adjustments , necessary for a fair presentation of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. results of operations ( Amounts for the individual quarters when aggregated may not agree to the full year due to rounding , in thousands , except for per share data ): .
On September 16 , 2012 , a shipowner named Eastshine Limited filed a civil claim against five parties , including ALC , in the Qingdao Maritime Court ( QMC ) , in China , claiming losses suffered of CNY 9.9 million ( approximately US$ 1.6 million ) due to the allegedly wrongful arrest of a vessel named Tongli Yantai .
Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc. prepare Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc. consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States , or GAAP .
The foreign currency exchange gains or losses are associated with fluctuations in the value of the functional currencies of MAD CATZ INTERACTIVE INC foreign subsidiaries , which include the Pound Sterling , the Euro , the Canadian dollar , the Hong Kong dollar , the Japanese yen , and the Chinese Yuan Renminbi ( CNY ) , against the U.S. Dollar .
He has served in these capacities since UpperSolution.com were incorporated on April 20 , 2013 .
Patricia L. Kampling Patricia L. Kampling Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer .
A summary of ANALOG DEVICES INC s restricted stock unit / award activity as of July 29 , 2017 and changes during the three- and nine - month period s then ended is presented below : .
Mr. Wach also served in a variety of operational roles for Nestle - Perrier Group of America Inc , H.J. Heinz Co. and Frito Lay Inc.
In addition , Mr. McDevitt owns McDevitt Corporation Limited , a United Kingdom entity , and McDevitt Netherlands BV , a Dutch entity .
ALCO , Inc. ( ALCO , ALCO , INC , us , the Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 7 , 1999 as Seahorse , Inc. and changed its name to Lotus Capital Corp. ( Lotus ) on September 20 , 2004 .
In addition to providing for U.S. income taxes on earnings from the United States , ADOBE SYSTEMS INC provide for U.S. income taxes on the earnings of foreign subsidiaries unless the subsidiaries earnings are considered permanently reinvested outside the United States .
Since commencing uranium extraction at the Palangana Mine in November 2010 to July 31 , 2017 , URANIUM ENERGY CORP have been focused primarily on expanding URANIUM ENERGY CORP South Texas uranium mining activities and establishing additional uranium mines through exploration and pre - extraction activities and direct acquisitions in both the United States and Paraguay , all of which require us to manage numerous challenges , risks and uncertainties inherent in URANIUM ENERGY CORP business and operations as more fully described in Item 1A. Risk Factors .
LinnCo , LLC s use of these oil recovery methods exposes it to certain annual greenhouse gas emissions obligations in California .
Exhibit 10.5 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed December 8 , 2015 .
CHIASMA , INC net loss was $ 13.9 million for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and $ 61.1 million for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
Prior to July 31 , 2009 , the date as of which MSSB Holdings became its owner , the General Partner was wholly owned by Citigroup Financial Products Inc , a wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc , the sole owner of which is Citigroup Inc.
CHANNELADVISOR CORP is headquartered in Morrisville , North Carolina and has international offices in England , Ireland , Germany , Australia , Brazil and China .
Following is a summary of PRSU activity for the year ended December 31 , 2015 ( in thousands , except per share amounts ): .
The Board of Directors has determined that Linda J. Bradley McKee , PhD , CPA , qualifies as a financial expert within the meaning of SEC rules and regulations and has designated Dr. Bradley McKee as the Audit and Compliance Committee financial expert .
Prior to that , Mr. Ukropina was an officer with International Paper and his work there from 1993 to 2011 included positions such as Vice President and General Manager , Shorewood Packaging ; Vice President of Operations for xpedx ; and Director of Finance Planning for Industrial Packaging .
On January 1 , 2013 Image International Group , Inc. executed a revised executive services agreement with its president and director Mr. G. Armstrong through Mr. Armstrong s private company ,
4 ) CORPORATE SERVICES - was incorporated in 1997 in Iowa .
In the United States , interest rates are highly determined by the U.S. Federal Reserve actions and outlooks for setting their benchmark rate .
RMR GROUP INC . used funds from these distributions for payment of certain U.S. federal and state income tax liabilities .
Prior to founding Levin Development Company in 1991 , Mr. Levin served for approximately 16 years with Coopers Lybrand , L.L.P. ( now PricewaterhouseCoopers ) , where he became the Managing Partner of the firm s consulting practice in Michigan .
In connection with these transactions : ( i ) Frimet Taub resigned as a director and from all positions as an officer , employee , or independent contractor of us ; ( ii ) Mr. Tuorto was appointed to the board seat vacated by Ms. Taub ; ( iii ) Mr. Roth resigned as chairman of the board and Mr. Tuorto was appointed chairman of the board ; ( iv ) Mr. Roth resigned as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of us , and any other position as an officer , employee or independent contractor of us , and Mr. Tuorto was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer , Interim Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and Treasurer ; and ( v ) Mr. Roth resigned as a director of us , provided that his resignation was not effective until the close of business on the 10th day after Royal Energy Resources , Inc. distributed an information statement to its shareholders in accordance with SEC Rule 14f-1 .
Memorandum and Articles of Association of Seagate Technology plc , as amended and restated by Special Resolution dated October 30 , 2013 , filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Seagate Technology plc s current report on Form 8 - K filed on November 4 , 2013 and incorporated herein by reference .
( 2 ) Upon completion of Boxlight Corp initial public offering , Mr. Nance will receive 89,247 shares of Boxlight Corp Class A common stock representing his pro - rata portion of the 2,055,872 shares to be issued to the former stockholders of Boxlight upon automatic conversion of BOXL s Series C convertible preferred stock .
On September 28 , 2016 , Mr. Drury resigned as President and Treasurer of the Company .
From 2004 until 2007 , Ms. Corbet served as president of Standard Poor s , a provider of financial market intelligence .
FTI CONSULTING INC provide services to a diverse group of clients , including global Fortune 500 companies , FTSE 100 companies , global financial institutions banks , and local , state and national governments and agencies in the U.S. and other countries .
Alan Clark , age 64 , joined MOC in 1979 and serves as Treasurer and Controller of both MD and MOC .
The accompanying unaudited , condensed consolidated financial statements of Conn 's , Inc. and its wholly - owned subsidiaries , including the VIEs ( as defined below ) , have been prepared by management in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( " GAAP " ) and prevailing industry practice for interim financial information and with the instructions to Form 10 - Q and Article 10 of Regulation S - X. Accordingly , CONNS INC do not include all of the information and footnotes required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for complete financial statements .
NEOPHOTONICS CORP subsidiaries in China are generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China and , in particular , laws applicable to wholly foreign - owned enterprises .
BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC s results in 2016 included a net debt extinguishment loss totaling $ 101 million related to the March 2016 debt - for - equity exchange for certain company indebtedness .
Eastside Distilling , Inc. believe that the cost of sales Eastside Distilling , Inc. reported in both 2017 and 2016 are not typical of Eastside Distilling , Inc. expected future results because of the one - time costs and the product costs in both periods are based on smaller production lots , and do not reflect the economies of scale that Eastside Distilling , Inc. expect to achieve as Eastside Distilling , Inc. continue to scale Eastside Distilling , Inc. operations .
( c ) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report VIGILANT DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS , INC./NV conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures , as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation ; and .
On August 1 , 2016 , AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS CORP acquired substantially all of the net assets of Taylor Brands , LLC ; on August 26 , 2016 , AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS CORP acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock of Crimson Trace Corporation ; and on November 18 , 2016 , AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS CORP acquired substantially all of the net assets of Ultimate Survival Technologies , Inc , which AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS CORP refer to collectively as the Acquisitions .
In the fourth quarter of 2015 , Nucor assessed its equity investment in Duferdofin Nucor for impairment due to the protracted challenging steel market conditions caused by excess global overcapacity , which increased in 2015 , and the difficult economic environment in Europe .
In this case , each U.S. Holder who received CONDUENT Inc common stock in the Distribution would generally , for U.S. federal income tax purposes , be treated as having received a distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of CONDUENT Inc common stock received , which would generally result in ( i ) a taxable dividend to the U.S. Holder to the extent of that U.S. Holder s pro rata share of Xerox s current and accumulated earnings and profits ; ( ii ) a reduction in the U.S. Holder s basis ( but not below zero ) in Xerox common stock to the extent the amount received exceeds the shareholder s share of Xerox s earnings and profits ; and ( iii ) a taxable gain from the exchange of Xerox common stock to the extent the amount received exceeds the sum of the U.S. Holder s share of Xerox s earnings and profits and the U.S. Holder s basis in its Xerox common stock .
The MD A is provided as a supplement to , and should be read in conjunction with condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included in this Form 10 - Q. MediXall Group , Inc. discussion and analysis of MediXall Group , Inc. financial condition and results of operations is based on MediXall Group , Inc. financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
CENTENE CORP managed care subsidiaries in Texas and Florida had revenues from their respective state governments that each exceeded 10 % of CENTENE CORP consolidated total revenues in 2015 .
As of June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , the total fair market value of investments in the Investment Funds made by Mr. Icahn and his affiliates ( excluding Icahn Enterprises and Icahn Enterprises Holdings ) was approximately $ 4.3 billion and $ 3.7 billion , respectively , representing approximately 61 % and 69 % of the Investment Funds ' assets under management as of each respective date .
The occurrence of any of the above in the countries in which MOSAIC CO operate or elsewhere could jeopardize or limit MOSAIC CO ability to transact business there and could adversely affect MOSAIC CO revenues and operating results and the value of MOSAIC CO assets located outside of the United States .
Mr. McGuire also serves as Chief Operating Officer for Services ( May 2010 to present ) .
Applicable regulatory agencies in the U.S. include the USDA , which monitors and ensures the integrity of both the organic process and agricultural grain business , and the FDA and Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , which oversee the safety , security and efficacy of the food supply in the U.S. SunOpta Inc. currently manufacture and distribute a number of organic products that are subject to the standards set forth in the Organic Foods Production Act and the regulations adopted thereunder by the National Organic Standards Board .
C Media is one of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . shareholders .
In June 2017 , the Partnership contributed its limited partner interests in Sturgeon to Mammoth Inc. in exchange for 336,447 shares of common stock of Mammoth , Inc.
Accordingly , the assets and liabilities of Zimmer Station and Miami Fort Station were classified as held for sale as of June 30 , 2017 , but the plants did not meet the criteria to be reported as discontinued operations .
Before joining SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC , Mr. de C rdenas was with Nortel Networks , most recently as general manager of converged multimedia networks .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT regulated water utilities are also subject to environmental and water quality regulations , which are continually modified and refined to ensure the safety of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT s water sources and , ultimately , the public s health .
CRAWFORD & CO currently believe that funds expected to be generated from CRAWFORD & CO U.S. operations , along with potential borrowing capabilities in the U.S , will be sufficient to fund CRAWFORD & CO U.S. operations and other obligations , including CRAWFORD & CO funding obligations under CRAWFORD & CO U.S. defined benefit pension plan , for the foreseeable future and , therefore , except in limited circumstances such as those described above , do not foresee a need to repatriate cash held by CRAWFORD & CO foreign subsidiaries in a taxable transaction to fund CRAWFORD & CO U.S. operations .
because Blackstone Group L.P. senior managing directors hold their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units directly or through entities that are not subject to corporate income taxation and The Blackstone Group L.P. holds Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units through wholly owned subsidiaries , some of which are subject to corporate income taxation , conflicts may arise between Blackstone Group L.P. senior managing directors and The Blackstone Group L.P. relating to the selection and structuring of investments .
Business Medidata Solutions , Inc. quarterly and annual operating results fluctuate and may continue to fluctuate in the future , and if Medidata Solutions , Inc. fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors , Medidata Solutions , Inc. stock price and the value of your investment could decline substantially .
Failure to regain compliance with the minimum closing bid price requirement could result in delisting of LinnCo , LLC common shares from NASDAQ .
On June 21 , 2017 , ESSI agreed to the issuance of 1,000,000 restricted shares of ECO SCIENCE SOLUTIONS , INC . 's Common Stock to a third party , in consideration for arranging the transaction between ECO SCIENCE SOLUTIONS , INC . and Ga Du Corporation Shareholders .
Under the Royalty Contract , PDL received royalty payments based on a royalty rate of 9.95 % of AxoGen , Inc. s Net Revenues , subject to certain agreed upon minimum payment requirements , which were anticipated to be approximately $ 1.3 million to $ 2.5 million per quarter to begin in the fourth quarter of 2014 through the third quarter of 2020 as provided in the Royalty Contract .
As at December 31 , 2016 , TW Investor owns 42.8 % of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock and has a 47.0 % voting interest in CENTRAL EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD due to its ownership of the Series A Preferred Share .
Stand Up Paddleboard and Swim Tow Floats outsourced to manufacturers in China , created and launched Unleashed Inc. website www.unleashedhardware.com , established limited distribution channels for Unleashed Inc. products through Unleashed Inc. web - site and other third parties , and commenced the commercial sale of Unleashed Inc. products .
In August 2012 , Third Point Reinsurance Ltd. established a wholly - owned subsidiary in the United Kingdom , Third Point Re Marketing ( UK ) Limited ( TPRUK ) .
The consolidated financial statements include NorthWest Indiana Bancorp ( the Bancorp ) , its wholly owned subsidiary , Peoples Bank SB ( the Bank ) , and the Bank s wholly owned subsidiaries , Peoples Service Corporation , NWIN , LLC and Columbia Development Company , LLC .
During 2015 , CENTENE CORP financing activities primarily related to the proceeds from the issuance of Senior Debt and an additional $ 150 million of borrowings on CENTENE CORP revolving credit facility .
In connection with the consummation of the Reverse Recapitalization , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . also entered into a registration rights agreement with the former stockholders of The W Group , Inc , pursuant to which it agreed to provide to such persons certain piggyback registration rights with respect to shares of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s capital stock , including shares issuable upon exercise , conversion or exchange of securities , held by such persons at any time on or after the closing of the Reverse Recapitalization .
If FEDERAL AGRICULTURAL MORTGAGE CORP terminates the Plan within thirty days preceding or twelve months following a Change in Control Event , the Deferred Compensation Account of each Participant shall become .
Jeffrey N. Boyer , Executive Vice President and .
In September 2016 , Mr. Pentecost was promoted to President and Interim Senior Executive Officer of FelCor Lodging LP following Mr. Smith s retirement .
On January 27 , 2016 , GCP Applied Technologies Inc. entered into a separation agreement pursuant to which Grace agreed to transfer its Grace Construction Products operating segment and the packaging technologies business , operated under the Darex name , of its Grace Materials Technologies operating segment to GCP ( the " Separation " ) .
( a ) Consists : ( i ) in the case of Mr. Festa , of minimum severance payments pursuant to his employment agreement as described below under Termination and Change - in - Control Arrangements CEO Severance Arrangements ; and ( ii ) in the case of the other executive officers , minimum severance payments pursuant to severance agreements as described below under Termination and Change - in - Control Arrangements Other Executive Officer Severance Arrangements .
Director Stephen A. Schwarzman is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Blackstone and the Chairman of the board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner .
Upon the completion of Immune Design Corp. IPO , the fair value of Immune Design Corp. common stock has been determined by the trading value of Immune Design Corp. common stock on NASDAQ .
Mr. James joined SEARS HOLDINGS CORP in August 2014 and serves as President and Chief Member Officer , Kmart .
GOOGLE INC . set Eric s salary at a higher level than GOOGLE INC . other named executive officers based on market benchmarks for the Executive Chairman role .
On May 1 , 2014 , Medicine Man Technologies , Inc. entered into a non - exclusive Technology License Agreement with Futurevision , Inc , f / k / a Medicine Man Production Corporation , a Colorado corporation , dba Medicine Man Denver ( Medicine Man Denver ) , a company owned and controlled by affiliates of Medicine Man Technologies , Inc , whereby Medicine Man Denver granted a license to use all of their proprietary processes they have developed , implemented and practiced at its cannabis facilities relating to the commercial growth , cultivation , marketing and distribution of medical marijuana and recreational marijuana pursuant to relevant state laws and the right to use and to license such information , including trade secrets , skills and experience ( present and future ) .
For example , SOHU COM INC revenues for the year ended December 31 , 2016 were $ 1.65 billion and SOHU COM INC total assets as of December 31 , 2016 were $ 2.57 billion , representing revenues of RMB11.45 billion and total assets of RMB17.81 billion at the noon buying rate of RMB 6.9370 to $ 1.00 on December 31 , 2016 .
During 2015 , the investment loss from equity investments included a loss of $ 59 million related to SEARS HOLDINGS CORP equity investment in Sears Canada .
Donald H. Hosmer , President of Business Development .
Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon ZION OIL & GAS INC consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
EAGLE MATERIALS INC operate cement plants , quarries and related facilities at Buda , Texas ; LaSalle , Illinois ; Sugar Creek , Missouri ; Tulsa , Oklahoma ; Fernley , Nevada ; Fairborn , Ohio and Laramie , Wyoming .
FENNEC PHARMACEUTICALS INC . common stock is currently listed on the TSX .
Pharmaceutical Pricing and Reimbursement In U.S. markets , Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. ability and that of Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. partners to commercialize Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. products successfully , and to attract commercialization partners for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. products , depends in significant part on the availability of adequate financial coverage and reimbursement from third - party payors , including , in the U.S , governmental payors such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs , managed care organizations , and private health insurers .
As part of the Credit Facility closing , HLBE entered into an Administrative Agency Agreement with CoBank , ACP ( CoBank ) .
One or more unions representing ExpressJet employees may also assert that SkyWest Airlines employees should be subject to ExpressJet s collective bargaining agreements .
The decline is primarily the result of U - Swirl management restructuring activities and costs associated with business acquisitions and the associated expenses incurred during the nine months ended November 30 , 2014 with no comparable activity during the current year .
ts Eighteen of FelCor Lodging LP Consolidated Hotels operate under franchise or license agreements with Embassy Suites that are separate from FelCor Lodging LP management agreements .
ULTRALIFE CORP have determined that Messrs. Popielec and Fain were ULTRALIFE CORP only named executive officers for 2016 .
On April 13 , 2015 , DSG Global Inc. entered into a share exchange agreement with DSG TAG Systems Inc. and the shareholders of DSG TAG Systems who become parties to the agreement .
Intersect ENT , Inc. approved and in - development products are designed to treat the spectrum of needs among the estimated 3.5 million U.S. patients who are managed by ENT physicians for chronic sinusitis , one of the most prevalent chronic diseases in the United States and one of the most costly conditions for U.S. employers .
This amount includes $ 26.6 million of capital contributed to Zephyr A-6 , a majority owned subsidiary of ZAIS Group , which was formed to invest in ZAIS Group managed CLOs and thereby satisfy the risk retention requirements of the Dodd - Frank Act and two $ 5.0 million equity investments in the first - loss equity tranche of two separate ZAIS Managed Entities focused on investing in high - yield bonds .
During the six months ended June 30 , 2016 and 2015 , SkyPeople Fruit Juice , Inc investing activities used net cash of $ 32,319,879and $ 1,883,751 , respectively .
Mr. Peterson served in various capacities within ActiveCare from July 2011 until July 2012 .
Moses H. Feagin Vice President , Treasurer , and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
Net cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to Nexvet Biopharma plc net loss of $ 16.5 million and by changes in Nexvet Biopharma plc operating assets and liabilities of $ 2.6 million ( principally comprising a decrease of $ 1.4 million in accounts payable , accrued expenses , other liabilities and deferred income and an increase of $ 1.0 million in other income receivable ) , offset by non - cash share - based compensation expense of $ 1.7 million and non - cash depreciation and amortization of $ 0.6 million .
Under the retention plan , ICONIX BRAND GROUP , INC . named executive officers received the following equity grants , Mr. Jones received 155,000 PSUs , Mr. Schafer received 120,000 PSUs and Mr. Blumberg received 155,000 PSUs .
s experience in and knowledge of the electronics components business led to the conclusion that Mr. Levy and Mr. Lubman should serve on SURGE COMPONENTS INC s board given SURGE COMPONENTS INC s business and structure .
Mr. Batinovich also served as Glenborough Realty Trust s Chief Operating Officer from 1996 to 2002 and Chief Financial Officer from 1996 to 1997 .
President , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Operating Officer and Director Van A. Welch .
The $ 6.9 million increase in working capital during the year ended December 31 , 2015 wa s the result of recognizing a $ 5.0 million income tax receivable related to the write - off of tax deductible goodwill and intangible assets assoc iated with CPI Card Group Inc. Nevada operation .
Mr. Rady has also served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Antero since May 2004 and of its predecessor company from its founding in 2002 to its ultimate sale to XTO Energy , Inc. in April 2005 .
While ARADIGM CORP agreement with Grifols has resulted in reduced operating expenses and capital expenditures as a portion of ARADIGM CORP research and development expenses for the Linhaliq program was reimbursed by Grifols ARADIGM CORP expect to continue to incur losses for the foreseeable future as we : .
Substantive changes to the existing U.S. federal income tax laws have been proposed that , if adopted , would affect , among other things , LinnCo , LLC ability to take certain deductions related to LINN Energy s operations , including deductions for intangible drilling costs and deductions for costs associated with U.S. production activities .
Many foreign legal regimes restrict Hughes Satellite Systems Corp repatriation of earnings to the U.S. from Hughes Satellite Systems Corp subsidiaries and joint venture entities .
Douglas A. Neis joined MARCUS CORP company in February 1986 as Controller of the Marcus Theatres division and in November 1987 , he was promoted to Controller of Marcus Restaurants .
Although FIRST HAWAIIAN , INC . hold the largest share of the deposit market in Hawaii , these deposits are subject to potentially dramatic fluctuations in availability or price due to certain factors outside FIRST HAWAIIAN , INC . control , such as a loss of confidence by customers in us or the banking sector generally , customer perceptions of FIRST HAWAIIAN , INC . financial health and general reputation , increasing competitive pressures from other financial services firms for consumer or corporate customer deposits , changes in interest rates and returns on other investment classes , which could result in significant outflows of deposits within short periods of time or significant changes in pricing necessary to maintain current customer deposits or attract additional deposits .
Provision for acquired BBVAPR loan and lease losses decreased $ 1.1 million to $ 2.3 million from $ 3.5 million , when compared to the same period in 2015 .
Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. equity method investment in the wind projects had a significant impact on the changes in Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. operating results during the year ended December 31 , 2015 , when compared to the same period in 2014 .
John L. Cook has served as a director of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP since December 2013 .
Tompkins Financial Corporation ( Tompkins or the Company ) is headquartered in Ithaca , New York and is registered as a Financial Holding Company with the Federal Reserve Board under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 , as amended .
Named Executive Officers As of the end of the fiscal year ending December 31 , 2016 , CST BRANDS , INC . named executive officers were : Name Position Kimberly S. Lubel Chief Executive Officer and President Clayton E. Killinger Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Charles H. ( Hal ) Adams President , Retail Operations Anthony P. Bartys Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Gerard J. Sonnier Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary .
A $ 1.1 million , or 100.0 % , increase in NOI from Hudson Pacific Properties , L.P. Non - Same - Store Media and Entertainment property resulting from Hudson Pacific Properties , L.P. acquisition of Sunset Las Palmas Studios in May 2017 .
As previously noted , Messrs. Davis , Zemetra , Severson and Avellan are no longer employed by us , with Messrs. Davis , Severson and Avellan having separated from Global Eagle Entertainment Inc. employ in early 2017 and with Mr. Zemetra having separated in mid-2016 .
Ammonia Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between El Dorado Chemical Company and Koch Fertilizer , LLC , dated as of November 2 , 2015 .
The gains and losses resulting from the translations of Delphax s subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and France are recorded as a component of equity .
On October 23 , 2013 , InspireMD , Inc. entered into an at - the - market issuance sales agreement with MLV Co. LLC ( MLV ) , pursuant to which InspireMD , Inc. may issue and sell shares of InspireMD , Inc. common stock in an aggregate amount up to $ 40 million from time to time in an at - the - market offering as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended , through MLV as InspireMD , Inc. sales agent .
In response to the growing number of imported food products , countries of origin , and number of foreign registered firms , the FSMA provides tools for the FDA to ensure that imported foods meet U.S. standards and are safe for U.S. consumers .
Territorial Bancorp Inc. investment in PreTSL XXIII was determined to be other - than - temporarily impaired and Territorial Bancorp Inc. recorded an impairment charge of $ 2.4 million in the year ended December 31 , 2010 .
Use of Estimates The discussion and analysis of Glucose Health , Inc. financial condition and results of operations are based upon Glucose Health , Inc. financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States .
In January 2017 , REA Group acquired an approximately 15 % interest in Elara Technologies Pte . Ltd , a leading online real estate services provider in India ( Elara ) , for $ 50 million .
In the course of its business , Spire s gas marketing subsidiary , Spire Marketing , which includes its wholly owned subsidiary Spire Storage Inc , enters into commitments associated with the purchase or sale of natural gas .
Net cash used in operating activities of continuing operations for the three month ended March 31 , 2017 amounted to approximately $ 52,000 , which was primarily due to a net loss of approximately $ 7.0 million and non - cash items such as loss on change in fair value of derivative liabilities of $ 6.2 million , depreciation of $ 1,000 , amortization of debt discount of $ 172,695 , $ 310,000 for the stock based on compensation to employees , $ 86,000 for the stock based on compensation to CD INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISES , INC . consultants , an increase of $ 113,000 in accounts payable and accrued expenses , an increase of $ 69,000 in other payable to related parties and an increase of $ 12,000 in other liabilities , offset by an increase of $ 3,000 in prepaid expenses and other current assets .
In addition to leading FS Advisor , Mr. Forman currently serves as chairman , president and chief executive officer of FB Income Advisor , LLC , FSIC II Advisor , LLC , FS Investment Corporation II , FSIC III Advisor , LLC , FS Investment Corporation III , FSIC IV Advisor , LLC , FS Investment Corporation IV , FS Global Advisor , LLC , FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund and the FSGCOF Offered Funds .
Franklin E. Crail , President , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors .
On April 4 , 2017 , ENTRAVISION COMMUNICATIONS CORP completed the acquisition of 100 % of the stock of several entities collectively doing business as Headway ( Headway ) , a provider of mobile , programmatic , data and performance digital marketing solutions primarily in the United States , Mexico and other markets in Latin America .
On April 25 , 2017 , DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP , INC . borrowed an additional $ 78,947 and received a net amount of $ 65,250 representing the sixth draw against the Securities Purchase agreement with JMJ Financial .
CFFC s Robert Haydak and Mike Constantino serve as Alliance MMA , Inc. s President and Director of Business Development , respectively , Devon Mathiesen serves as General Manager of CFFC .
Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. third - party construction contracts have included signature properties across the Mid - Atlantic region , such as the Inner Harbor East development in Baltimore , Maryland , including the Four Seasons Hotel and Legg Mason office tower , the Mandarin Oriental Hotel in Washington , D.C , and a $ 50 million proton therapy institute for Hampton University in Hampton , Virginia .
FS Energy & Power Fund were formed as a Delaware statutory trust under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act on September 16 , 2010 and formally commenced investment operations on July 18 , 2011 upon raising gross proceeds in excess of $ 2,500 from sales of FS Energy & Power Fund common shares in FS Energy & Power Fund continuous public offering to persons who were not affiliated with us or FS Advisor .
As a bank holding company located in South Carolina , the South Carolina State Board of Financial Institutions also regulates and monitors all significant aspects of TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC operations .
Additionally , on April 25 , 2017 , Fulgent Genetics , Inc. entered into a license agreement ( the License Agreement ) with FF Gene Biotech , pursuant to which Fulgent Genetics , Inc. has granted to FF Gene Biotech a license to use certain of Fulgent Genetics , Inc. s clinical molecular diagnostic gene detection technology and related software and its proprietary reference library of genetic information , along with any improvements on this technology that Fulgent Genetics , Inc. may develop during the term of the License Agreement .
Carey Watermark Investors 2 Inc conduct business in various states and municipalities within the United States , and , as a result , Carey Watermark Investors 2 Inc or one or more of Carey Watermark Investors 2 Inc subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions .
Dr. Lammers has served as a member of Mirna Therapeutics , Inc. board of directors and as Mirna Therapeutics , Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer since November 2009 .
Prior to AGL , Mr. Kilstrom was with Marathon Oil as an Engineering Consultant and Asset Manager from 2003 to 2006 and as a Business Unit Manager for Marathon s Powder River coal bed methane assets from 2001 to 2003 .
MOSAIC CO Canadian operations purchase all of their physical gas in Saskatchewan via the TransGas pipeline system using AECO price indices as pricing references .
The following table summarizes Terra Secured Income Fund 5 , LLC s equity investment in Terra Property Trust at fair value on a recurring basis as of September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 : .
Accordingly , the assets , liabilities , stockholders equity and revenues and expenses of Barnwell s subsidiaries operating in Canada have been adjusted to reflect the change in the exchange rates .
In order to manage this risk , on February 16 , 2017 , Milacron LLC , a wholly - owned subsidiary of Milacron Holdings Corp , entered into two interest rate swap transactions effective for a period of four years beginning January 31 , 2018 with a total notional amount of $ 400.0 million .
The undersigned , Louis S. Haddad , the President and Chief Executive Officer of Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. ( the Company ) , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , hereby certifies that , to the best of his knowledge : .
On September 11 , 2016 , Probe Manufacturing Inc issued 150,000 shares of common stock at $ .05 per share for Board of Director compensation to each of Kam Mahdi Probe Manufacturing Inc Chief Executive officer , Robert Young , Shervin Talieh , Kevin Scott , Juhani Taskinen , and John Bennett Probe Manufacturing Inc Chief Financial Officer .
In August 2016 , MGT CAPITAL INVESTMENTS INC entered into agreements with the holders of 460,000 Common Stock Purchase Warrants issued in connection with MGT CAPITAL INVESTMENTS INC s Securities Purchase Agreement offering dated August 2 , 2016 .
Currently , Genesis Healthcare , Inc. operate through affiliates in China a total of twelve locations comprised of the three rehabilitation clinics in Guangzhou , Shanghai and Hong Kong , a rehabilitation facility , and inpatient and outpatient rehabilitation .
Co - Venture Arrangement : On September 30 , 2009 , MACERICH CO formed a joint venture , whereby a third party acquired a 49.9 % interest in Freehold Raceway Mall , a 1,671,000 square foot regional shopping center in Freehold , New Jersey , and Chandler Fashion Center , a 1,318,000 square foot regional shopping center in Chandler , Arizona .
GGS contributed approximately $ 45,667,000 and $ 35,902,000 to AIR T INC s revenues for the nine - month periods ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively , representing a $ 9,764,000 ( 27 % ) increase .
Nevertheless , IMH Financial Corp believe that IMH Financial Corp cash and cash equivalents of $ 11.4 million at the end of 2016 , and revenues IMH Financial Corp expect from IMH Financial Corp hotel management activities and sale of IMH Financial Corp legacy loans and real estate held for sale , will allow us to fund current operations for a period of one year from the date these financial statements are issued .
Alan served as co - chair of the Washington Competitiveness Council and sat on the advisory boards of NASA , the University of Washington , the University of Kansas , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology , and the U.S. Air Force Scientific Advisory Board .
From April 1994 through January 1995 , Mr. Martin served as Senior Vice President and Head of Custody Operations for Fidelity Investments , a financial services firm .
an increase in American Midstream Partners , LP Liquid Pipelines and Services Segment revenue of $ 39.2 million due to an increase of $ 30.7 million due to more favorable market conditions resulting in higher realized crude prices , an increase of $ 2.7 million due to sales volumes resulting from an increase in producer activity on American Midstream Partners , LP Silver Dollar Pipeline and an increase of $ 4.7 million due to additional Crude Oil Sales contracts on the Bakken system added in 2017 ; .
Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary Jean Claude Farah .
PainShield is currently cleared for marketing in the United States of America ( U.S. or United States ) by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and all three of NanoVibronix , Inc. products have CE Mark approval in the European Union , a Canadian medical device license and a certificate allowing us to sell PainShield , UroShield and WoundShield in Israel .
Tier 1 is now comprised of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC operations across the Southern United States , with the exception of Southern California and the Florida peninsula and also includes the New England states , the tri - state area of Michigan , Indiana and Ohio and Western Canada .
Nature of Business On September 13 , 2010 Sigma Labs , Inc , formerly named Framewaves , Inc , a Nevada corporation , acquired 100 % of the shares of B6 Sigma , Inc. by exchanging 6.67 shares of Framewaves , Inc. restricted common stock for each issued and outstanding share of B6 Sigma , Inc.
Beauty , Inc. products in retail stores in the United States across mass , drug store , food and specialty retail channels .
Mr. Connally has also served as Chairman of Gulf Power 's Board of Directors since July 2012 .
The increase was primarily due to ( i ) a $ 4.4 million increase in management performance - related compensation driven by Marcus & Millichap , Inc. improved operating results ; ( ii ) a $ 4.1 million increase in salaries and related benefits as a result of higher headcount in corporate and office support in connection with Marcus & Millichap , Inc. growth ; ( iii ) a $ 4.0 million increase in sales and promotional expenses driven by an increase in Marcus & Millichap , Inc. annual sales recognition event and marketing expenses to support increased sales activity ; ( iv ) a $ 2.1 million , net increase in stock - based compensation expense driven by increases resulting from incremental share - based awards granted since the fourth quarter of 2014 and immediate vesting of certain RSU awards under the provisions of the RSU agreement , partially offset by a decrease in Marcus & Millichap , Inc. s stock price as RSU grants to Marcus & Millichap , Inc. s independent contractors are required to be measured at fair value ; ( v ) a $ 2.0 million increase in facilities expenses due to office expansion ; and ( vi ) a $ 1.8 million net increase in other expense categories primarily driven by Marcus & Millichap , Inc. expansion and business growth .
Mr. Hansen has served as Chief Accounting Officer of AxoGen since December 2015 .
PULTEGROUP INC / MI/ acquired substantially all of the assets of JW Homes ( " Wieland " ) in January 2016 for $ 430.5 million in cash and the assumption of certain payables related to such assets .
Exports of certain of FINISAR CORP products are subject to export controls imposed by the U.S. Government and administered by the United States Departments of State and Commerce .
Arbor pays to Citibank interest at a rate equal to one - month LIBOR plus 1.65 % per annum .
ABEONA THERAPEUTICS INC . licensing revenue for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 was $ 602,000 .
Mr. Perlis previously served as President of Street Capital from 1992 until 2001 , a period of tremendous success that included guiding Heritage Global Inc. s health care strategy , resulting in superior growth of three investee companies .
Genentech In August 2015 , Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc entered into a combination study collaboration agreement with Genentech under which Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc will conduct a clinical trial evaluating entinostat in combination with Genentech s drug atezolizumab in patients with TNBC .
Each of the outstanding shares of AWG International , Inc. s common stock prior to the Business Combination was converted into 67.1522 shares of AWG International Water Corporation s common stock .
On April 29 , 2015 , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into an amendment with Wells Fargo Bank , National Association , for the purpose of facilitating the issuance of 5.50 % Senior Notes , as described above , and this amendment also provides for the earlier maturity of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL ,
In lieu of retaining a Withdrawn Member as a Regular Member with respect to any Non - Contingent Capital Commitment Interests , the Managing Member may , in its sole discretion , by notice to such Withdrawn Member within 45 days of his or her ceasing to be an employee or officer of the Managing Member or any of its Affiliates , or at any time thereafter , upon 30 days written notice , determine ( 1 ) to distribute to such Withdrawn Member the pro rata portion of the Securities or other property underlying such Withdrawn Member s Non - Contingent Capital Commitment Interests , subject to any restrictions on distributions associated with the Securities or other property , in satisfaction of his or her Non - Contingent Capital Commitment Interests in Blackstone Group L.P. or ( 2 ) to cause , as of the last day of any Fiscal Year of the Company ( or earlier period , as determined by the Managing Member in its sole discretion ) , Blackstone Group L.P. or another person designated by the Managing Member ( who may be itself another Regular Member or another Affiliate of the Managing Member ) to purchase all ( but not less than all ) of such Withdrawn Member s Non - Contingent Capital Commitment Interests for a price equal to the Capital Commitment Value thereof .
Prior to this , Mr. Knab had served as OVERSTOCK.COM , INC Vice President of Marketing and held other roles including Director of Merchandising and Director of Analytics .
For the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC consolidated revenues include $ 7.7 million , $ 7.8 million and $ 0.7 million related to these stations , respectively .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Acacia Communications , Inc. prepare Acacia Communications , Inc. condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States .
Columbia Property Trust was incorporated in 2003 , commenced operations in 2004 , and conducts business primarily through Columbia Property Trust Operating Partnership , L.P. ( " Columbia Property Trust OP " ) , a Delaware limited partnership .
Prior to joining Aviat , Mr. Pangia served as senior vice president , Global Sales Operations and Strategy , at Nortel , where he was responsible for all operational aspects of the Global Sales function .
President and Chief Executive Officer D. P. Freeman .
PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO s Research and Engineering Center in Mayfield Village , Ohio and the engineering departments at PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO s subsidiary operations around the world maintain a strong technical support function to develop unique solutions to customer problems .
In addition , the operating results of ABM INDUSTRIES INC /DE/ non - U.S. subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars , and those results are affected by movements in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar .
SJI Midstream , LLC ( Midstream ) was formed in 2014 to invest in infrastructure and other midstream projects , including a current project to build a 100 - mile natural gas pipeline in Pennsylvania and New Jersey .
On March 20 , 2017 , Bang Holdings Corp. entered into an agreement with the Church to provide social media services .
Lance Milken Chairman Rohit Manocha Antoine G. Munfakh Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation Messrs. Copses , Milken , Manocha and Munfakh were the only members of the Compensation Committee during Fiscal 2016 .
MD A is provided as a supplement to , and should be read in conjunction with , BioPharmX Corp financial statements and the accompanying notes to the financial statements and other disclosures included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q. BioPharmX Corp financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and are presented in U.S. dollars .
From September 2007 to December 2007 , Mr. Rivenes served as General Manager for RTEA s Jacobs Ranch Mine , from October 2006 to September 2007 , he served as General Manager for RTEA s Antelope Mine and from November 2003 to September 2006 , he served as Manager , Mine Operations for RTEA s Antelope Mine .
Roxanna Green Roxanna Green Secretary and COO .
Michael A. Reisner , Co - Chairman , Co - CEO , Co - President and Director , joined ICON in 2001 .
Through CONSOLIDATED WATER CO LTD subsidiaries and affiliates , CONSOLIDATED WATER CO LTD provide the following services to CONSOLIDATED WATER CO LTD customers in the Cayman Islands , The Bahamas , Belize , the British Virgin Islands and Indonesia : .
On November 12 , 2014 , Twenty - First Century Fox completed the sale of Sky Italia and its 57 % interest in Sky Deutschland to Sky .
At that date , SLSC acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Nytis USA from the Nytis USA stockholders , and thereby became the indirect owner of all of Nytis USA s equity interests in Nytis LLC .
Kenneth G. Tropin , 62 , is the Chairman and the founder of the Manager .
POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock of 3PI for an initial cash purchase price of approximately $ 45.4 million , including cash acquired of approximately $ 1.3 million , and agreed to pay additional consideration of between $ 5.0 million and $ 15.0 million in shares of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . common stock , valued at $ 76.02 per share ( i.e , between 65,772 and 197,316 shares ) , based upon , and following the final determination in accordance with the Stock Purchase Agreement of , the 2014 3PI EBITDA ( as defined in the Stock Purchase Agreement ) .
As of December 31 , 2015 , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp owned controlling interests in each of the eight solar and wind power facilities and a 100 % interest in BEC .
I , Alfred C. Liggins , III , Chief Executive Officer and President of Urban One , Inc , certify that : .
Mr. Cocks also serves on the board of directors and audit committees of Trinity Valley Energy Corp and Portola Resources Corp. both of which are traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange .
During the second quarter of 2015 , VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC management became aware that certain of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC products which were sold by VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC European subsidiary to a third - party distributor may have been resold by the distributor to parties in Iran , potentially including parties whose property and interests in property may be blocked pursuant to Executive Order 13224 , Executive Order 13382 or that may be identified under Section 560.304 of 31 C.F.R. Part 560 as the Government of Iran .
CYBEROPTICS CORP recognized CYBEROPTICS CORP initial revenues from sales of the SQ3000 in the second quarter of 2015 , and since the start of the fourth quarter of 2015 have received follow - on orders totaling approximately $ 4.7 million for the SQ3000 from a key customer .
Deanna L. Cannon , 55 , has served as a director of Swift Energy since May 2004 and as the Chair of the Audit Committee since May 2010 .
In connection with the TWC Transaction , Legacy Charter and Liberty Broadband completed their previously announced transactions pursuant to their investment agreement , in which Liberty Broadband purchased shares of Charter Class A common stock to partially finance the cash portion of the TWC Transaction consideration , and in connection with the Bright House Transaction , Liberty Broadband purchased shares of Charter Class A common stock ( the Liberty Transactions ) .
To date , Trans - Pacific Aerospace Company , Inc. operations have focused on the development of Trans - Pacific Aerospace Company , Inc. production facility in Dongguan , China and the design and engineering of Trans - Pacific Aerospace Company , Inc. initial product line of spherical bearings .
In June 2015 , liquidators for three companies that engaged in carbon credit trading via chains that included a company that RBS SEE traded with directly filed a claim in the High Court of Justice against RBS and RBS Sempra Commodities alleging that RBS Sempra Commodities and RBS SEE s participation in transactions involving the sale and purchase of carbon credits resulted in the companies incurring VAT liability they were unable to pay .
On June 28 , 2017 , Restoration Hardware , Inc. entered into an eleventh amended and restated credit agreement among Restoration Hardware , Inc , Restoration Hardware Canada , Inc , various subsidiaries of RH named therein as borrowers or guarantors , the lenders party thereto and Bank of America , N.A. as administrative agent and collateral agent ( the credit agreement ) .
In May 2015 , SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC acquired a 22.6 % interest in Sonobi , Inc. for $ 5.4 million .
an increase in American Midstream Partners , LP Gas Gathering and Processing segment revenue of $ 9.3 million primarily due to a new contract at American Midstream Partners , LP Longview plant for NGLs , natural gas and condensate for $ 11.9 million , partially offset by a decrease in natural gas and condensate volumes at Chatom / Bazor Ridge for $ 1.5 million due to lower system volumes , and due to a marketing contract that ended in Q4 of 2016 for $ 0.8 million ; .
In addition to risks described elsewhere in this section , MOLSON COORS BREWING CO operations in these markets expose us to additional risks , including : changes in local political , economic , social and labor conditions ; restrictions on foreign ownership and investments ; repatriation of cash earned in countries outside the U.S. ; import and export requirements ; increased costs to ensure compliance with complex foreign laws and regulations ; currency exchange rate fluctuations ; a less developed and less certain legal and regulatory environment , which among other things can create uncertainty with regard to liability issues ; longer payment cycles , increased credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud ; and other challenges caused by distance , language , and cultural differences .
On December 3 , 2015 , the Compensation Committee awarded to Oleg Firer , the Chief Executive Officer of Net Element , Inc , 3,750,000 restricted shares of Net Element , Inc. common stock as performance bonus .
Direct support for HOLLY ENERGY PARTNERS LP operations is provided by Holly Logistic Services , L.L.C. ( HLS ) , an HFC subsidiary , which utilizes personnel employed by HFC who are dedicated to performing services for us .
These condensed consolidated financial statements include ImmunoCellular Therapeutics , Ltd. s wholly owned subsidiaries , ImmunoCellular Bermuda , Ltd. in Bermuda and ImmunoCellular Therapeutics ( Ireland ) Limited and ImmunoCellular Therapeutics ( Europe ) Limited in Ireland , that were formed during 2014 .
On August 20 , 2015 , MARRONE BIO INNOVATIONS INC entered into a purchase agreement with Ivy Science Technology Fund , Waddell Reed Advisors Science Technology Fund and Ivy Funds VIP Science and Technology , each an affiliate of Waddell Reed , which is a beneficial owner of more than 5 % of MARRONE BIO INNOVATIONS INC common stock .
Calumet Armature Electric , LLC , an Illinois - based provider of design , manufacturing , assembly , and repair services of electric motors for the industrial and mass transit markets , on October 30 , 2015 .
Mr. Quist served as First Vice President of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP from 1986 to 2002 .
Depending on its itinerary , any particular ship may generate income from sources within the U.S. CARNIVAL CORP believe that CARNIVAL CORP U.S. source income and the income of CARNIVAL CORP ship - owning subsidiaries , to the extent derived from , or incidental to , the international operation of a ship or ships , is currently exempt from U.S. federal income and branch profit taxes .
Heritage Global Inc. shall pay or reimburse Executive ( at Heritage Global Inc. 's option ) in accordance with CRB s then - current policies for fully - documented ( in accordance with the CRB s policies ) reasonable and necessary expenses and other disbursements incurred by Executive for or on behalf of Heritage Global Inc. in the performance of his duties hereunder , including , without limitation , travel on behalf of or in connection with his services for Heritage Global Inc. in a manner customary for Heritage Global Inc. 's executives , including food and lodging expenses while Executive is away from home performing services for Heritage Global Inc. ( e ) Workplace and Work Schedule .
Thus , at June 30 , 2017 , the $ 5,000 advance to CRD is eliminated upon the consolidation of the assets and liabilities of CRD for financial statement reporting purposes .
MARCUS CORP current franchise agreement on another of MARCUS CORP owned hotels , the InterContinental Milwaukee , expires at the end of fiscal 2016 and MARCUS CORP are currently evaluating MARCUS CORP options for this hotel , which could include extending the current brand .
Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issued LG Capital a convertible promissory note with 10 % interest due March 3 , 2016 and convertible into common shares on a cashless basis at a price of 65 % of the lowest closing bid price of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. common shares during the prior 20 trading days including the delivery of any related conversion notice .
In the event that CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . terminate any franchise agreement and close the related BKC restaurant prior to the expiration of its term , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . generally are required to pay BKC an amount based on the net present value of the royalty stream that would have been realized by BKC had such franchise agreement not been terminated .
Government Regulation REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP is subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission ( the " FTC " ) and the Food and Drug Administration ( the " FDA " ) in the U.S , as well as various other federal , state , local and foreign regulatory authorities , including those in the European Union ( the " EU " ) , Canada and other countries in which REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP operates .
Mr. Morris is President of Meson Capital Partners LLC ( Meson LLC ) , a San Francisco - based investment manager , which he founded in February 2009 .
On August 30 , 2013 , EASTMAN KODAK CO entered into an agreement ( the Amended SAPA ) amending and restating the SAPA .
As of December 2016 and December 2015 , the fair value of the securities and certain overnight cash deposits included in GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC GCLA totaled $ 226.07 billion and $ 199.12 billion , respectively .
Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. critical accounting policies are described in the MD A section of Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 filed with the SEC on February 16 , 2017 .
Alliant Energy subsidiaries with a presence in Iowa file as part of a consolidated return in Iowa .
The following table presents Sutherland Asset Management Corp summarized consolidated results of operations and reconciliation to Core Earnings for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 : .
TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp. shares are currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange ( the NYSE ) under the symbol TPVG .
The increase in net cash used in operating activities for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 compared to the six months ended June 30 , 2016 was primarily due to an increase in ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . net loss resulting from additional activities to support corporate growth and to prepare for the potential launch of ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . first commercial product .
Nucor s investment in NuMit at September 30 , 2017 was $ 311.9 million ( $ 325.1 million at December 31 , 2016 ) .
Net cash used in operating activities of $ 47.1 million for the year ended December 31 , 2014 was primarily the result of CHIMERIX INC $ 59.3 million net loss , offset by the add - back of non - cash expenses of $ 4.4 million for stock based compensation and $ 1.2 million of .
Guidewire Software , Inc. sell Guidewire Software , Inc. products and services to customers located outside the United States and Canada , and Guidewire Software , Inc. are continuing to expand Guidewire Software , Inc. international operations as part of Guidewire Software , Inc. growth strategy .
foreign subsidiaries will primarily depend on the level of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC service provider subsidiaries pretax income , which is recorded as an expense by the U.S. and Swiss subsidiaries and the benefit that is realized in Switzerland through the sales of product .
INC intend to rely on third - party collaborators to market and commercialize SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS INC products and product candidates outside the U.S , who may fail to effectively commercialize SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS INC products and product candidates .
Mr. Buth has served as Vice President , Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of Eversource Energy , CL P , NSTAR Electric , PSNH , WMECO , NSTAR Gas , Yankee Gas and Eversource Service since April 10 , 2012 .
Ms. Brinkley has served as CENTENE CORP Executive Vice President , Global Corporate Development since January 2016 .
In May 2017 , Nevada Power entered into a Financing Agreement with the Coconino County , Arizona Pollution Control Corporation ( the " Coconino Issuer " ) whereby the Coconino Issuer loaned to Nevada Power the proceeds from the issuance , on behalf of Nevada Power , of $ 40 million of its 1.80 % tax - exempt Pollution Control Refunding Revenue Bonds , Series 2017A , due 2032 and $ 13 million of its 1.60 % tax - exempt Pollution Control Refunding Revenue Bonds , Series 2017B , due 2039 ( collectively , the " Series 2017AB Bonds " ) .
Gentherm Automotive Systems ( China ) Ltd. DEG Vietnam Loan GENTHERM Inc s second fixed interest rate loan agreement with DEG was used to finance the construction and set up of the Vietnam production facility ( DEG Vietnam Loan ) .
Mr. Orr s background as a lawyer and desire to participate in the management of GridIron BioNutrients , Inc. led to My Cloudz , Inc. conclusion that he should serve as a director in light of My Cloudz , Inc. business and structure .
Similarly , in conducting Carlyle Group L.P. asset management activities outside the United States , Carlyle Group L.P. rely on available exemptions from the regulatory regimes of various foreign jurisdictions .
The Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by other Blackstone personnel in the reorganization and pursuant to the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan are also generally subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions applicable to Blackstone Group L.P. named executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman , although non - senior managing directors are also generally subject to vesting in respect of a portion of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units received by such personnel in the reorganization in exchange for their interests in carried interest .
In 2014 , EDC and LSB were named as defendants , together with other AN manufacturers and brokers that arranged the transport and delivery of AN to West Fertilizer , in the case styled City of West , Texas v CF Industries , Inc , et al , in the District Court of McLennan County , Texas .
For 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , INSTRUCTURE INC revenue was $ 73.2 million , $ 44.4 million and $ 26.1 million , respectively , representing year - over - year growth of 65 % and 70 % .
Name Age Position Lawrence H. Silber President and Chief Executive Officer , Director Barbara L. Brasier Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Christian J. Cunningham Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer J. Bruce Dressel Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Richard F. Marani Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer Maryann A. Waryjas Senior Vice President , Chief Legal Officer and Secretary .
On June 28 , 2016 , Inuit Artists Gallery , Luigi Ruffolo and Joseph Panetta assigned their notes from PureBase Corp to Arthur Scott Dockter , CEO and a Director of the Company .
In February 2016 , the FASB issued ASU 2016 - 02 , Leases , which is included in the ASC in Topic 842 .
Nicholas J. DeIuliis Name : Nicholas J. DeIuliis Title : President and Chief Executive Officer Executive /s/
Kevin A. Shields ( " Mr. Shields " ) controls the sole stockholder of Griffin Capital and is Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. president and a director .
In connection with the Annual Report of Sweegen , Inc. a Nevada corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Steven Chen , Chief Executive Officer , and Chief Financial Officer of SweeGen , Inc , certifies to the best of his knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Mr. Lowry has been with the Bank since 1985 and has previously served as the Bank s Assistant Controller , Internal Auditor and Controller .
LTC , United Title and AAT provide a full line of title insurance and loan closing services for both residential and commercial customers in locations throughout Louisiana and Arkansas .
Antelope Mine and Cordero Rojo Mine are located in Wyoming and CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC .
Campbell Rogers , M.D. has served as a director since September 3 , 2013 .
On December 6 , 2016 , MICRON TECHNOLOGY INC acquired the 67 % interest in Inotera for an aggregate of $ 4.1 billion in cash .
Ferrellgas Partners Finance Corp. ( the Finance Corp. ) , a Delaware corporation , was formed on March 28 , 1996 and is a wholly - owned subsidiary of Ferrellgas Partners , L.P. ( the Partnership ) .
Prior to joining Par , Mr. Campanelli served as Vice President , Business Development at Dr. Reddy s Laboratories Ltd. where he was employed from 1992 - 2001 .
( the Company ) for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Richard J. Hendrix , Chief Executive Officer of FBR & Co , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 ) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and ( 2 ) the information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of FBR & Co.
Further , on January 20 , 201 7 , President Trump signed an Executive Order directing federal agencies with authorities and responsibilities under the PPACA to waive , defer , grant exemptions from , or delay the implementation of any provision of the PPACA that would impose a fiscal or re gulatory burden on states , individuals , healthcare providers , health insurers , or manufacturers of pharmaceuticals or medical devices .
For the period from May 19 , 2015 ( inception ) through June 30 , 2017 Global Partner Acquisition Corp. activities consisted of formation and preparation for the Public Offering and , subsequent to the Public Offering , locating and completing a suitable Business Combination .
Material risks that may affect Occidental s results of operations and financial position appear in Part I , Item 1A Risk Factors of Occidental 's Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 ( the 2016 Form 10 - K ) .
The primary objective of the reverse stock split was to increase the per share price of Atlas ' common shares to meet certain listing requirements of the NASDAQ Capital Market .
Kevin S. Cavanah Vice President and Chief Financial Officer signing on behalf of the registrant and as the registrant s principal financial officer .
Consolidated Results of Operations The following table and discussion sets forth information regarding Carlyle Group L.P. unaudited condensed consolidated results of operations for the three months and six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
John V. Winfield Mr. Winfield was first elected to the Board in May of 1996 and currently serves as PORTSMOUTH SQUARE INC 's Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer .
Mr. Brown is a certified public accountant and a member of the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences and serves on the board of directors of several educational institutions , including serving on the board of governors of Touro College .
( Beijing Shijilongxin ) , FREJOY Investment Management Co , Ltd. ( Frejoy ) and Yuhan Corporation ( Yuhan ) , pursuant to which , among other things , Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc. agreed to issue and sell , in separate private placement transactions : ( 1 ) to Beijing Shijilongxin , 8,108,108 shares of common stock , and a warrant to purchase 1,176,471 shares of common stock , for an aggregate purchase price of $ 45.0 million ; ( 2 ) to Frejoy , 8,108,108 shares of common stock , and a warrant to purchase 1,176,471 shares of common stock , for an aggregate purchase price of $ 45.0 million ; and ( 3 ) to Yuhan , 1,801,802 shares of common stock , and a warrant to purchase 235,294 shares of common stock , for an aggregate purchase price of $ 10.0 million .
Oil Spill Removal Organization for purposes of providing oil spill removal resources and services for HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA operations in U.S. waters as required by the USCG .
Dr. Henry Ji , Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc. s President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc. s Board of Directors , and George K. Ng , Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc. s Vice President , Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer , were stockholders of Scilex prior to the acquisition transaction .
Mr. Lampen has served as a director of Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. since January 2002 .
See Note 9 to L3 TECHNOLOGIES , INC . audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , included in L3 TECHNOLOGIES , INC .
On February 28 , 2017 , MEDIZONE INTERNATIONAL INC Chairman and CEO , Edwin Marshall , retired from all of his positions with the Company .
In March 2015 , Zhong Hai Video entered into an agreement with C Media Limited ( C Media ) to provide video content services to C Media s proprietary railway Wi - Fi service platform for $ 182,000 .
( 2 ) Consists of ( i ) 1,765,119 shares held by Dr. Goldenberg ; ( ii ) 214,129 shares held by Ms. Sullivan , Dr. Goldenberg s wife ; ( iii ) 635,935 shares held jointly by Dr. Goldenberg and Ms. Sullivan ; ( iv ) 1,000,000 shares held by Dr. Goldenberg as beneficial owner of three grantor retained annuity trusts ; ( v ) 1,933,783 shares held by the David M. Goldenberg Millennium Trust ; ( vi ) 34,725 shares held by IMMUNOMEDICS INC majority - owned subsidiary , IBC Pharmaceuticals , Inc , of which Dr. Goldenberg is a director ; ( vii ) 5,500 shares as to which Ms. Sullivan has voting or dispositive power as custodian of her children or as trustee for a trust for their benefit ; ( viii ) 405,698 shares subject to stock options granted to Dr. Goldenberg which are exercisable currently or within 60 days of June 30 , 2017 ; ( ix ) 610,369 shares subject to stock options granted to Ms. Sullivan which are exercisable currently or within 60 days of June 30 , 2017 ; ( x ) 35,334 shares as to which Dr. Goldenberg has sole voting power pursuant to an agreement with Hildegard Gruenbaum Katz ( his former wife ) ; and ( xi ) 249,452 shares held by David M. Goldenberg Dynasty Trust .
Relevant transactions of PowerShares DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund subsidiary Postbank are included in these figures .
SYNTEL INC s Indian subsidiaries , whose functional currency is the Indian rupee , periodically enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to buy Indian rupees and sell U.S. dollars to mitigate the risk of changes in foreign exchange rates on U.S. dollar denominated assets , primarily comprised of receivables from the parent Company ( Syntel , Inc. ) and other direct customers , and liabilities recorded on the books of the Indian subsidiaries .
The Financing Agreement has a term of two years , provided that TELOS CORP may terminate it at any time without penalty upon written notice .
During the year , the Bancorp s cost of funds continued to be positively impacted by the Federal Reserve s actions in maintaining a low short - term interest rate environment , however , the Bancorp s yield on interest earning assets is being negatively impacted by lower long - term interest rates .
Under the first of those agreements , Planet Fitness , Inc. are generally required to pay to the Continuing LLC Owners 85 % of the applicable cash savings , if any , in U.S. federal and state income tax that Planet Fitness , Inc. are deemed to realize as a result of certain tax attributes of their Holdings Units sold to us ( or exchanged in a taxable sale ) and that are created as a result of ( i ) the sales of their Holdings Units for shares of Planet Fitness , Inc.
If the bid price of IMMUNOMEDICS INC common stock falls below $ 1.00 for an extended period , or IMMUNOMEDICS INC are unable to continue to meet NASDAQ s listing maintenance standards for any other reason , IMMUNOMEDICS INC common stock could be delisted from NASDAQ .
( a ) Subject to adjustment as provided in this Article II , to the provisions of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Agreements and the Issuer Partnership Agreement and to the provisions of Section 2.2 hereof , each Blackstone Holdings Limited Partner shall be entitled to exchange Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by such Blackstone Holdings Limited Partner on any Quarterly Exchange Date as follows ; provided that any such exchange is for a minimum of the lesser of 1,000 Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or all of the vested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by such Blackstone Holdings Limited Partner : ( i )
During the quarter ended January 31 , 2017 , the Valuation Committee increased the fair value of MVC CAPITAL , INC . s investments in : Advantage preferred stock by approximately $ 136,000 , Centile equity interest by $ 340,000 , Dukane loan by approximately $ 71,000 , Legal Solutions loan by approximately $ 112,000 , Morey s loan by approximately $ 462,000 , Pride loan by approximately $ 51,000 , Quantum loan by approximately $ 323,000 and warrant by approximately $ 1.0 million , Security Holdings equity interest by approximately $ 1.5 million , MVC Private Equity Fund L.P. general partnership interest and limited partnership interest in the PE Fund by a total of approximately $ 99,000 , Turf loan by approximately $ 7,000 and guarantee by approximately $ 3,000 , RuMe guarantee by approximately $ 50,000 and the U.S. Tech loan by $ 5,000 .
Below are CALPINE CORP results of operations for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016 ( in millions , except for percentages and operating performance metrics ) .
As a result of the cumulative tax losses of Royal , the balance of ROYAL HAWAIIAN ORCHARDS , L.P. deferred tax asset at June 30 , 2017 , was $ 3.6 million , against which ROYAL HAWAIIAN ORCHARDS , L.P. have recorded a valuation allowance equal to 100 % of the deferred tax asset due to the uncertainty regarding future realization of Royal s net operating loss carry - forwards .
Effective January 1 , 2017 , MarkWest and Sherwood Midstream formed a joint venture , Sherwood Midstream Holdings LLC ( Sherwood Midstream Holdings ) , for the purpose of owning , operating and maintaining all of the shared assets for the benefit of and use in the operation of the gas plants and other assets owned by Sherwood Midstream and the gas plants and deethanization facilities owned by MarkWest .
Currently , Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. distribute Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. products only in the United States .
Effective March 22 , 2016 , Exactus , Inc. changed Exactus , Inc. corporate name to Exactus , Inc. via a merger with Exactus , Inc. wholly - owned subsidiary , Exactus Acquisition Corp. Following the Share Exchange , Exactus , Inc. became a life science company based in Glen Allen , Virginia that plans to develop and commercialize Point - of - Care ( POC ) diagnostics for measuring proteolytic enzymes in the blood based on a novel detection platform developed by Dr. Krassen Dimitrov , PhD. Exactus , Inc. products will employ a disposable assay test strip combined with a portable and easy to use hand held detection unit that provides a result in as little as 30 seconds .
From 2001 until the first quarter of 2014 , Street Capital was Heritage Global Inc. s majority shareholder .
INVACARE CORP 's effective tax rates in 2016 and 2015 both were unfavorable to the expected U.S. federal statutory rate benefit for those years due to the negative impact of INVACARE CORP not being able to record tax benefits related to losses in those countries which had tax valuation allowances for the year , which more than offset the benefit of foreign income taxed at rates below the U.S. statutory rate .
IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least six years prior notice to Castle Brands Inc , except for breach .
From time to time , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp have entered into , and in the future Macquarie Infrastructure Corp may enter into , transactions and relationships involving Macquarie Group Limited , its affiliates , or other members of the Macquarie Group .
In addition , Essent Group Ltd. board of directors may limit a shareholder 's voting rights when it deems it appropriate to do so to ( i ) avoid the existence of any 9.5 % U.S. Shareholder ; and ( ii ) avoid certain material adverse tax , legal or regulatory consequences to us , any of Essent Group Ltd. subsidiaries or any direct or indirect shareholder or its affiliates .
In connection with the Report , Seagate Technology plc , Stephen J. Luczo , Chief Executive Officer of Seagate Technology plc , and David H. Morton , Jr , Chief Financial Officer of Seagate Technology plc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of the management of the Managing Owner , including Andrew Schlossberg , its Principal Executive Officer , and Steven Hill , its Financial and Accounting Officer , Investment Pools , the Fund carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures   or 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended   ) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report , and , based upon that evaluation , Andrew Schlossberg , the Principal Executive Officer of the Managing Owner , and Steven Hill , the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , Investment Pools , of the Managing Owner , concluded that the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information the Fund is required to disclose in the reports that it files or submits with the Securities and Exchange Commission   under the Exchange Act is recorded , processed , summarized and reported , within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms , and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Fund in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management of the Managing Owner , including its Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer , as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure .
From August 1998 to September 1999 , Ram served as Vice President of Business Development at Amazon.com , Inc , an e - commerce company .
The revenue and expenses of PRA Health Sciences , Inc. non U.S. operations are generally denominated in local currencies and translated into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes .
Action Supply Co , Inc. ( " Action Supply " ) located in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania on September 29 , 2017 .
VASO Corp 's pro - rata share in VSK 's loss from operations approximated $ 45,000 and $ 73,000 for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively , and is included in interest and other income ( expense ) , net in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss .
NEOPHOTONICS CORP manufacturing , assembly and test operations are located in NEOPHOTONICS CORP Shenzhen and Dongguan , China facilities , and in Silicon Valley , California .
For the six - month period ended June 30 , 2016 , REPLIGEN CORP investing activities provided $ 20,000 .
In addition , the gain on sale of loans through OnDeck Marketplace has declined from $ 53.4 million or 20.9 % of gross revenue in 2015 to $ 14.4 million , or 5.0 % of On Deck Capital , Inc. gross revenue in 2016 reflecting less attractive market conditions , and a lower percentage of On Deck Capital , Inc. terms loans sold into OnDeck Marketplace , as well as underlying loan performance .
Restricted Cash During the fourth quarter of 2016 , WMT deposited $ 150.0 million into a restricted escrow account to secure its obligations under the MSA that WMT entered into in connection with the metal - on - metal hip litigation , as described in Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements .
Defined Benefit Plans The employees of ENTEGRIS INC s subsidiaries in Japan , Taiwan and Germany are covered in defined benefit pension plans .
Unless otherwise indicated in this Report , SkyWest , SKYWEST INC , us , SKYWEST INC and similar terms refer to SkyWest , Inc. and SkyWest Airlines refers to SKYWEST INC wholly owned subsidiary , SkyWest Airlines ,
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section discusses SIGNAL BAY , INC . financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
Also during 2015 , CENTENE CORP experienced higher than anticipated opt - out rates and member attrition in the new Michigan dual demonstration program , resulting in lower than expected membership and lower blended premium rates .
During fiscal 2017 , CORVEL CORP s gross profit increased to $ 104.8 million from $ 104.5 million in fiscal 2016 , an increase of $ 0.2 million , or 0.2 % .
For the nine months ended November 30 , 2015 , approximately $ 956,000 of U - Swirl general and administrative costs were consolidated within Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. results , compared with $ 1,378,700 in the nine months ended November 30 , 2014 .
Invitae Corp will remain an emerging growth company until December 31 , 2020 , although if Invitae Corp revenue exceeds $ 1 billion in any fiscal year before that time , Invitae Corp would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the end of that fiscal year .
As of February 28 , 2017 , National American University Holdings , Inc. operations had 33 locations , including educational sites located in Colorado , Indiana , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , New Mexico , Oklahoma , South Dakota and Texas , a distance learning service center in Texas and distance learning operations and central administration offices in Rapid City , South Dakota .
Exhibit 24.16 THESE PRESENTS that I , Christopher M. Crane , do hereby appoint Anne R. Pramaggiore and Ver nica G mez , or either of them , attorney for me and in my name and on my behalf to sign the annual Securities and Exchange Commission report on Form 10 - K for 2016 of Commonwealth Edison Company , together with any amendments thereto , to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission , and generally to do and perform all things necessary to be done in the premises as fully and effectually in all respects as I could do if personally present .
Hanover agrees to vote their shares at the recommendation of the Board of Directors and allows QuantumSphere s management to vote their shares in their place in the event Hanover can not be reached within ten days of a proxy vote or solicitation for an action by written consent of the shareholders without a meeting .
Prior to that , Ms. Fitt was an investment banker with Goldman , Sachs Co , where she became a partner in 1994 and a managing director in 1996 .
On April 1 , 2015 , eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp entered into an Operating Agreement with EPT ( a company owned by eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp CEO ) , wherein eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp agreed that EPT would be able to operate eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp telemedicine platform www .
While at Cadence , from January 1998 to June 2000 , Mr. Thompson served as Senior Vice President , Worldwide Sales and Field Operations and from April 1994 to January 1998 as Vice President , Worldwide Professional Services .
Josephine Iannelli Name : Josephine Iannelli Title : Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
Jon - Al Duplantier , Senior Vice President , Chief Administrative Officer , Interim Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel , Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a ) Certification .
MARCHEX INC have experienced recent turnover in certain senior executives , and currently the duties and responsibilities of the chief executive officer are performed by the office of the CEO consisting of Michael Arends , Ethan Caldwell and Russell Horowitz and subject to oversight by MARCHEX INC Chairman , Anne Devereux - Mills .
CYBEROPTICS CORP reduced CYBEROPTICS CORP deferred tax asset for UK net operating loss carry forwards by $ 6,000 in 2015 due to reductions in the future UK income tax rate .
Mr. McCrea has served as a director of ETP s general partner since December 2009 .
Mr. Sillerman and other executive officers are receiving compensation , and other current and future employees of DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. company may be entitled to receive compensation , payments and reimbursements regardless of whether DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. operate at a profit or a loss .
The following summarizes American Assets Trust , L.P. acquired lease intangibles and leasing costs , which are included in other assets and other liabilities and deferred credits , as of June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 ( in thousands ): .
the escalation of hostilities in Israel , which could impair InspireMD , Inc. ability to manufacture InspireMD , Inc. products ; and .
This increase of $ 14.0 million was primarily due to incremental earnings of $ 7.8 million related to American Midstream Partners , LP investment in Delta House and earnings of $ 5.3 million from the interests in the entities underlying the Emerald Transactions which were acquired in April 2016 , offset by a decrease of $ 0.8 million from American Midstream Partners , LP interests in Main Pass Oil Gathering Company ( MPOG ) .
In his career , Mr. Vetter served as president of Rust Consulting , Inc.
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS , that each person whose signature appears below does hereby constitute and appoint either of J. Michael Wolfe or Grey H. Gibbs , with full power of substitution and full power , to act as his or her true and lawful attorney - in - fact and agent with full power and authority to do and perform all and every act and thing whatsoever requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises as fully , to all intents and purposes , as he or she might or could do if personally present at the doing thereof , hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney - in - fact and agent may or shall lawfully do , or cause to be done , in connection with the proposed filing by AeroGrow International , Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission , under the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , of an Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended March 31 , 2017 ( the Annual Report ) , including but not limited to , such full power and authority to do the following : ( i ) execute and file such Annual Report ; ( ii ) execute and file any amendment or amendments thereto ; ( iii ) receive and respond to comments from the Securities and Exchange Commission related in any way to such Annual Report or any amendment or amendments thereto ; and ( iv ) execute and deliver any and all certificates , instruments or other documents related to the matters enumerated above , as the attorney - in - fact in her sole discretion deems appropriate .
Mr. Kim became employed as the Chief Executive Officer and President of HOPE BANCORP INC and the Bank for an initial term of five years , commencing as of April 11 , 2014 , which term is subject to annual twelve - month extensions .
Mr. Bell was appointed Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer effective October 29 , 2014 .
However , if cash generated by PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO s U.S. operations is not sufficient to meet its need for cash in the U.S , PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO may need to repatriate a greater portion of its international earnings to the U.S. in the future .
After reviewing all relationships each director has with us , including the nature and extent of any business relationships between us and each director , as well as any significant charitable contributions Antero Midstream Partners LP make to organizations where Antero Midstream Partners LP directors serve as board members or executive officers , the Board has affirmatively determined that the following directors have no material relationships with us and are independent as defined by the current listing standards of the NYSE : Messrs. Kagan , Keenan , Klimley , Manning , Connor and Peters .
Under the agreement with Chad Steelberg , as of the end of each calendar quarter during the term of the agreement ( following March 31 , 2017 ) during which Chad Steelberg is still employed by Veritone , Inc , Veritone , Inc. will issue to Mr. Steelberg a number of shares of its common stock calculated by dividing $ 125 by the fair market value ( as defined in the agreement ) of Veritone , Inc. s common stock .
These financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto included in SHINECO , INC . s Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended June 30 , 2016 , which was filed on September 28 , 2016 .
The 2021 Senior Notes are guaranteed by TMM Holdings , Taylor Morrison Holdings , Inc , Taylor Morrison Communities II , Inc. and the U.S. homebuilding subsidiaries of TMC ( collectively , the Guarantors ) , which are all subsidiaries directly or indirectly of TMHC .
Accordingly , Revlon , Inc. and Products Corporation entered into a tax sharing agreement ( the " Revlon Tax Sharing Agreement " ) pursuant to which Products Corporation is required to pay to Revlon , Inc. amounts equal to the taxes that Products Corporation would otherwise have had to pay if Products Corporation were to file separate federal , state or local income tax returns , limited to the amount , and payable only at such times , as Revlon , Inc. will be required to make payments to the applicable taxing authorities .
The unaudited pro forma information does not purport to present what PBF Energy Inc. s actual results would have been had the acquisition occurred on January 1 , 2014 , nor is the financial information indicative of the results of future operations .
Prior to joining Prestige , Mr. Sommer was the co - founder and President of Luxury Cruise Center , a high - end travel agency and prior to that held various marketing and finance roles at Renaissance Cruises .
Executive Vice President , Chief Operating Officer and Corporate Secretary of Clifton Bancorp and Clifton Savings Bank , and President of Botany Inc. Diane Scriveri .
Ala Carte Charts Corp s financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern , which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business .
Transition Services Agreement GCP Applied Technologies Inc. and Grace Conn entered into a Transition Services Agreement prior to the Distribution pursuant to which Grace Conn and its subsidiaries and GCP Applied Technologies Inc. and its subsidiaries will provide , on an interim , transitional basis , various services to each other .
On June 11 , 2015 , ImmunoCellular Therapeutics , Ltd. entered into a Services Agreement with PCT , LLC , a Caladrius Company ( PCT ) , a subsidiary of Caladrius Biosciences , Inc.
Exhibit 99.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed June 17 , 2015 .
Cost of subscription revenue increased by $ 5.0 million , or 58 % , for the three months ended October 31 , 2017 compared to the three months ended October 31 , 2016 , primarily due to an increase of $ 2.7 million in employee compensation costs related to higher headcount to support the growth in Okta , Inc. subscription services and an increase of $ 1.1 million in data center costs as Okta , Inc. increased capacity to support Okta , Inc. growth .
To the extent the U.S. dollar weakens against foreign currencies , the translation of transactions denominated in foreign currencies results in increased revenue , as stated in U.S. dollars , for RED HAT INC non - U.S. operations .
As a result of that conversion , Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated is now named Morgan Stanley Co. LLC ( MS Co. ) .
Ashford University s ability to continue to operate an accredited institution subject to the requirements of the State of California , Department of Consumer Affairs , Bureau for Private Postsecondary Education ; .
The U.S. dollar is SIGMA DESIGNS INC reporting currency and is SIGMA DESIGNS INC functional currency except for SIGMA DESIGNS INC subsidiaries in China , Denmark , Japan , Taiwan , South Korea , Vietnam , France , Germany , and The Netherlands where the Chinese Yuan , Danish krone , Japanese yen , Taiwanese dollar , Korean won , Vietnamese dong and the Euro are the functional currencies , respectively .
Ocean Power Technologies , Inc. were incorporated in New Jersey in 1984 , began business operations in 1994 , and were re - incorporated in Delaware in 2007 .
Sentio Healthcare Properties , Inc , a Maryland corporation , was formed on October 16 , 2006 under the Maryland General Corporation Law for the purpose of engaging in the business of investing in and owning commercial real estate .
This AMENDED AND RESTATED EXEMPTED LIMITED PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT , dated December [ ] , 2015 of GSO Capital Opportunities Associates II LP , a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership ( the Partnership ) , by and between GSO Capital Opportunities Associates II ( Delaware ) LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( the Delaware GP ) , GSO Capital Opportunities Associates II ( Cayman ) Ltd.
The merger is subject to standard closing conditions including the approval of Consolidated Communications Holdings , Inc. stockholders and FairPoint s stockholders , the approval of the listing of additional shares of Consolidated common stock to be issued to FairPoint s stockholders , required federal and state regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions .
The following tables provide information about the regulatory assets and liabilities of Exelon , ComEd , PECO , BGE , PHI , Pepco , DPL and ACE as of March 31 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 .
The General Partner s managers and executive officers are Jack L. Rivkin , Matthew C. Osborne , and Kenneth I. McGuire .
Prior to joining Beijing Radio , Mr. Wong served as CFO of Shanghai GreenTree Inns Hotel Management Group , Shanghai Nobao Renewable Energy and Henan Asia New - Energy .
Charles Farrahar , Chief Financial Officer . ex32-1.htm . FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b ) UNDER .
Mr. Cassano and Mr. Wong serve as YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
Prior to Molson Coors acquiring MCBC UK , Mr. Swinburn was Sales Director for Bass Brewers from 1994 to 2002 .
The consolidated financial statements consolidate the operating results and financial position of GFE and its wholly owned subsidiary , Project Viking , which owns 50.6 % of HLBE at October 31 , 2015 .
In fiscal year 2016 , DECKERS OUTDOOR CORP relocated DECKERS OUTDOOR CORP Sanuk brand operations in Irvine , California to DECKERS OUTDOOR CORP corporate headquarters in Goleta , California and closed DECKERS OUTDOOR CORP
If an inquiry is made by the U.K. Regulator , COPART INC may be required to demonstrate that COPART INC acquisitions will not result , or be expected to result , in a substantial lessening of competition in the U.K. market .
RALPH LAUREN CORP operating results during the three - month periods ended December 31 , 2016 and December 26 , 2015 were negatively impacted by charges of $ 91 million and $ 42 million , respectively , recorded in connection with RALPH LAUREN CORP restructuring plans , as well as $ 35 million of other charges recorded during the three months ended December 26 , 2015 primarily related to a pending customs audit and the settlement of certain litigation claims , which together had an after - tax effect of reducing net income by $ 73 million and $ 62 million , respectively .
Mississippi Power entered into agreements with Denbury Onshore ( Denbury ) and Treetop Midstream Services , LLC ( Treetop ) , pursuant to which Denbury would purchase 70 % of the CO 2 captured from the Kemper IGCC and Treetop would purchase 30 % of the CO 2 captured from the Kemper IGCC .
Mr. Forrester , Verastem , Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer , does not receive compensation for his service as a director .
Southern Company 's activity in the stock option program for 2015 is summarized below : .
Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel , Richard Moore , who collectively are referred to as Planet Fitness , Inc. named executive officers .
Mr. Hartung is a seasoned financial analyst with broad knowledge of capital markets , investor sentiment and objectives , institutional investors and the dynamics and challenges inherent in real estate investing .
SCOTT J. LAUBER Scott J. Lauber Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer May 5 , 2017 .
Gov. Benson , through his ownership interest in BL Technologies Investments , LLC , entered into an ADA with us dated October 23 , 2012 , under which he has opened ten Planet Fitness stores as of December 31 , 2015 , for each of which he entered into a franchise agreement .
Since becoming a public company by means of a reverse merger in 2011 , VistaGen Therapeutics , Inc. have been subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ( Exchange Act ) , which requires that VistaGen Therapeutics , Inc. file annual , quarterly and current reports with respect to VistaGen Therapeutics , Inc. business and financial condition , and the rules and regulations implemented by the SEC , the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , the Dodd - Frank Act , and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board , each of which imposes additional reporting and other obligations on public companies .
The following table sets forth for the indicated periods the high and low sales prices of CPI Card Group Inc. common stock as reported on the NASDAQ and TSX .
In connection with the closing of FERRELLGAS PARTNERS FINANCE CORP acquisition of Bridger in June 2015 , Bridger entered into a ten - year transportation and logistics agreement ( the Jamex TLA ) with Jamex pursuant to which Jamex would be responsible for certain payments to Bridger and also for sourcing crude oil volumes for Bridger s largest customer .
On March 17 , 2017 , an Ultratech shareholder filed a purported class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California ( the District Court ) , captioned The Vladimir Gusinsky Rev. Trust v. Ultratech , Inc , et al , Case No . 4:17 - cv-01468 - PJH , on behalf of itself and all other Ultratech shareholders against Ultratech , its directors at the time the acquisition was announced , Veeco , and Merger Sub .
For the six months ended June 30 , 2016 , net cash provided by ASB s operating activities was $ 25 million .
As of June 30 , 2017 , OXBRIDGE RE HOLDINGS Ltd loss experience refund payable increased by $ 1.2 million , or 86 % , to $ 2.7 million , from $ 1.5 million at December 31 , 2016 .
This AMENDED AND RESTATED SECURITY AND PLEDGE AGREEMENT , dated as of _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ( this Agreement ) , is among Notis Global , Inc , a Nevada corporation ( the Company ) , all subsidiaries and affiliates of Notis Global , Inc. that are a signatory hereto , either now or joined in the future ( such subsidiaries and affiliates , the Guarantors ) , EWSD I , LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( EWSD ) , Pueblo Agriculture Supply and Equipment , LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( PASE ) , PCH Investment Group , Inc , a California corporation ( PCH and , together with Notis Global , Inc , the Guarantors , EWSD and PASE , the Debtors ) and the holder of one or more of Notis Global , Inc. s and PASE s 10 % Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes , in the aggregate principal amount of up to $ 3,600,000 ( collectively , the Note ) signatory hereto , their endorsees , transferees and assigns ( collectively , the Secured Parties ) .
In the first quarter of 2014 Street Capital declared a dividend in kind , consisting of its 73.3 % interest in HGI , which was paid to Street Capital shareholders in April 2014 .
During 2016 , LEUCADIA NATIONAL CORP received $ 114.0 million from the redemption of Leucadia Asset Management 's investment in Topwater Capital ; assets under management were replaced by Jefferies investment in Topwater Capital of $ 114.0 million .
Utah Branches of Banner Bank : PUB s banking subsidiary , PIB , successfully completed the acquisition of $ 255 million in loans and seven Utah branch locations with approximately $ 160 million in deposits from Banner Corporation s banking subsidiary , Banner Bank on October 6 , 2017 .
On March 28 , 2013 , all conditions subject to closing the transaction were satisfied and all ownership interests in SEI AK were transferred to Barings .
Investment Advisor s services under the Investment Advisory Agreement or otherwise as Investment Advisor for Capitala Finance Corp. Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement , Capitala Finance Corp. has agreed to pay the Investment Advisor a fee for investment advisory and management services consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee .
Orbital Tracking Corp. provide this service through Orbital Tracking Corp. Orbital Satcom subsidiary .
On August 1 , 2014 , a change of control of Resort Savers , Inc. occurred , whereby a controlling interest in Resort Savers , Inc. was sold by Michelle LaCour , Resort Savers , Inc. former President , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and director and a former 5 % stockholder , and James LaCour , Resort Savers , Inc. former Secretary and director and a former 5 % stockholder , to the following : ( 1 ) Zhou Gui Bin ( 236,733 shares at a purchase price of $ 0.20 per share ) ; ( 2 ) Zhou Wei ( 236,733 shares at a purchase price of $ 0.20 per share ) ; and ( 3 ) Zong Xin ( 1,636,734 shares at a purchase price of $ 0.20 per share ) .
Prior to joining Adobe , Mr. Rowley served as Vice President , Corporate Controller , Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer at Synopsys , Inc , a semiconductor design software company , from December 2002 to September 2005 and from 1999 to December 2002 , Mr. Rowley served as Vice President , Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer .
During the three - month period ended March 31 , 2017 , EDGEWATER TECHNOLOGY INC / DE/ terminated the employment of the former Chairman , President , and Chief Executive Officer and the former Chief Strategy and Technology Officer .
Registration Rights Agreement , dated as of June 1 , 2011 , among EH Holding Corporation ( currently known as Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation ) , the guarantors listed on the signature page thereto and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to EchoStar Corporation s Current Report on Form 8 - K , filed June 2 , 2011 , Commission File
On November 14 , 2008 , BroadVision ( Delaware ) LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( BVD ) , which was then BROADVISION INC wholly owned subsidiary , entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with CHRM LLC , a Delaware limited liability company , that is controlled by Dr. Pehong Chen , BROADVISION INC CEO and largest stockholder and in which BROADVISION INC CFO , Peter Chu holds a minority interest .
In connection with the Notes and the Indenture , Gladwyne Funding also entered into ( i ) an amended and restated investment management agreement with us , as investment manager , dated as of September 11 , 2014 , pursuant to which FS Energy & Power Fund will manage the assets of Gladwyne Funding ; and ( ii ) a collateral administration agreement with Virtus Group , LP , or Virtus , as collateral administrator , dated as of September 11 , 2014 , pursuant to which Virtus will perform certain administrative services with respect to the assets of Gladwyne Funding .
The ( 95)% decrease from net operating loss to net operating income was attributed mostly to Helpful Alliance Co revenue from land development activities and Helpful Alliance Co settlement of $ 1 million debt with Zimas LLC as well as ( 30)% decrease in operating expenses during the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 as compared to nine months ended September 30 , 2016 .
In connection with the issuance of the Senior Notes , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into an indenture agreement dated April 29 , 2015 , by and among us , The Bank of New York Mellon , as Trustee , and POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . subsidiaries as guarantors .
As of March 31 , 2017 , ALLIANCE ONE INTERNATIONAL , INC . are in ALLIANCE ONE INTERNATIONAL , INC . working capital build .
On December 15 , 2016 , MISONIX INC entered into an Employment Agreement ( the Vizirgianakis Agreement ) with Stavros G. Vizirgianakis pursuant to which Mr. Vizirgianakis serves as MISONIX INC s full time President and Chief Executive Officer .
When the Swiss franc strengthens against METTLER TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC/ other trading currencies , particularly the U.S. dollar and euro , METTLER TOLEDO INTERNATIONAL INC/ earnings go down .
Lenders Title provides a full line of title insurance and loan closing services for both residential and commercial customers in locations throughout Arkansas .
McMullen reports to Chief Executive Officer Jeff Clarke .
Barnwell operates the following segments : 1 ) acquiring , developing , producing and selling oil and natural gas in Canada ( oil and natural gas ) ; 2 ) investing in land interests in Hawaii ( land investment ) ; and 3 ) drilling wells and installing and repairing water pumping systems in Hawaii ( contract drilling ) .
a Nevada Corporation Listing of Subsidiaries Fresh Healthy Vending LLC , a California limited Liability Company FHV Acquisition Corp , a California Corporation The Fresh and Healthy Vending Corporation , a California Corporation Reis Irvy s , Inc , a Nevada Corporation 19 Degrees , Inc , a Nevada Corporation Generation Next Vending Robots , Inc. a Nevada Corporation .
On September 19 , 2016 , an entity for which Lawrence Hirson , a former director , serves as manager purchased $ 150,000 of promissory notes and received 3 - year warrants to purchase 25,000 shares of Eastside Distilling , Inc. common stock at an exercise price of $ 6.00 per share .
Throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q , the terms TherapeuticsMD , Inc , us , TherapeuticsMD , Inc , TherapeuticsMD , or TherapeuticsMD , Inc. company refer to TherapeuticsMD , Inc , a Nevada corporation , and unless specified otherwise , include TherapeuticsMD , Inc. wholly owned subsidiaries , vitaMedMD , LLC , a Delaware limited liability company , or VitaMed ; BocaGreenMD , Inc , a Nevada corporation , or BocaGreen ; and VitaCare Prescription Services , Inc , a Florida corporation , or VitaCare . Overview .
Pursuant to the Agreements , TSD paid $ 16,641,291 and acquired 112,809,100 shares of Skypeople China from Skypeople HK , resulting in TSD owning 112,809,100 shares , or 26.36 % , of Skypeople China .
As of June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 Blue Line Protection Group , Inc. accrued a total of $ 98,150 .
On or about May 24 , 2011 , a group of petitioners , inclusive of Goliad County , appealed the TCEQ action to the 250 th District Court in Travis County , Texas .
There are no assurances that Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. shares will ever become DTC - eligible or , if they do , how long it will take .
Guarantees In the normal course of business , DPL enters into various agreements with its wholly - owned subsidiary , AES Ohio Generation , providing financial or performance assurance to third parties .
As part of the November 8 , 2011 agreement , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. officer and director , Alexander Walsh , agreed to provide Glottech - USA with the option , for a period of 12 months from delivery of the first unit , to acquire 500 shares ( of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. common stock currently held by him , for a total price of $ 4,000 ( $ 1 pre - reverse splits ) .
CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . franchise agreements typically have a 20 - year term after which BKC 's consent is required to receive a successor franchise agreement .
The change in investment income ( loss ) , net in 2015 was primarily due to a $ 154 million gain related to the sale of NBCUniversal Media , LLC shares of ARRIS Group , Inc. common stock in 2014 .
MARCHEX INC are filing this Amendment to include Part III information in MARCHEX INC Form 10 - K because a definitive proxy statement containing such information will not be filed by MARCHEX INC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by MARCHEX INC Form 10 - K. The reference on the cover to the Form 10 - K to the incorporation by reference to portions of MARCHEX INC definitive proxy statement into Part III of the Form 10 - K is hereby deleted .
In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 - K of Centene Corporation ( the Company ) for the period ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , the undersigned , William N. Scheffel , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CENTENE CORP , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , that : .
In 2015 , the Grace Compensation Committee maintained base salaries for the named executive officers , other than Mr. Poling , at the 2014 level as set forth in the following table .
Further , Markos Kashiouris , Petros Economides and Efstathios Christophi resigned as directors of Nukkleus Inc. and waived any directorship fees payable to them under their letter of appointment dated August 1 , 2016 .
Virginia National Bankshares Corp ended the year with no loans over 90 days past due that were still accruing interest .
Research and development is headquartered in Rochester , New York .
From August 2002 to January 2008 , Mr. Narachi served as chairman of the board of directors of Naryx Pharma , Inc , a private pharmaceutical company .
AxoGen , Inc. terminated this IRA P lan in December 2015 .
In 2013 , AT&T INC . made a voluntary contribution of a preferred equity interest in AT T Mobility II LLC ( Mobility ) , the holding company for AT&T INC .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Opiant Pharmaceuticals , Inc. ( the Company ) for the period ended January 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Dr. Roger Crystal , as Chief Executive Officer of OPIANT PHARMACEUTICALS , INC , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Costa Rica , which serves as a customer service center supporting SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC global operations .
Other net fair value gains ( losses ) decreased $ 11.6 million in 2016 as compared to 2015 due to net fair value losses in 2016 as compared to gains in 2015 related to the assets and liabilities of the Non - Residual Trusts resulting from the impact of increases in the conditional default rates and loss severity rates .
actual or anticipated fluctuations in Planet Fitness , Inc. quarterly or annual operating results ; .
Peter Goldstein , the recently appointed President , interim Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and Director of American Patriot Brands , Inc , is the founder , chairman , chief executive officer and registered principal of Grandview .
In connection with the Annual Report of The Toro Company ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended October 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , TORO CO , Richard M. Olson , Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer of TORO CO , and Renee J. Peterson , Vice President , Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of TORO CO , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to TORO CO knowledge : .
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement , ( i ) the Subsidiary merged into Rightscorp Delaware , such that Rightscorp Delaware became a wholly - owned subsidiary of RIGHTSCORP , INC . company , ( ii ) RIGHTSCORP , INC . issued ( a ) 45,347,102 shares ( the Acquisition Shares ) , of RIGHTSCORP , INC . common stock to the shareholders of Rightscorp Delaware , in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Rightscorp Delaware , ( b ) outstanding warrants to purchase 1,831,969 shares of common stock of Rightscorp Delaware were converted into outstanding warrants to purchase 5,312,703 shares of RIGHTSCORP , INC . common stock , and ( iii ) outstanding convertible notes in the aggregate amount of $ 233,844 ( including outstanding principal and accrued interest thereon ) of Rightscorp Delaware were amended to be convertible into shares of RIGHTSCORP , INC . common stock at a conversion price of $ 0.1276 .
Effective January 12 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into an employment agreement with Alexander Walsh for provision of services as Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. president and chief executive officer .
Prior to that , from 2001 to 2004 , Mr. Keene served as an independent software consultant and as a Senior Database Engineer for Shea Homes , a California - based home builder .
Employees of The Barnstable Holding Company , a former subsidiary of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT , became eligible for these benefits if they retired on or after age 65 with at least 15 years of service .
On September 9 , 2016 , RenovaCare , Inc. entered into a loan agreement with KCC whereby KCC agreed to loan us up to $ 900,000 with an initial loan in the amount of $ 700,000 .
Ambient Water Corp financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America , which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period .
During the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2016 , RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD had three NEOs : Randall J. Scott , President and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of the Company ; Paul H. Zink , former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) of the Company ; and Jaye T. Pickarts , former Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) of the Company .
In 2012 , SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP formed Green Street Mortgage Services , Inc.
STRATTEC products are shipped to customer locations in the United States , Canada , Mexico , Europe , South America , Korea , China and India , and STRATTEC SECURITY CORP provide full service and aftermarket support for each partner s products .
Moreover , HUNTSMAN INTERNATIONAL LLC operations in certain locations , such as China , may be particularly vulnerable to security attacks or other problems .
For the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC . s revenue totaled $ 708,837 and $ 19,540 , respectively , for which BLACKBOXSTOCKS INC . respective costs of revenues totaled $ 392,543 and $ 15,633 .
Total transaction , financing and integration - planning expenses related to FEDEX CORP TNT Express acquisition , as well as TNT Express s immaterial financial results from the time of acquisition , were $ 132 million ( $ 125 million , net of tax , or $ 0.45 per diluted share ) during 2016 .
John S. Kovach , the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Lixte Biotechnology Holdings , Inc. ( the Company ) , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , that : .
In addition , until Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. terminated the Offering on February 7 , 2013 , on the date of each of Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. s annual stockholders meetings at which an independent director was re - elected to the board of directors , he or she may have received 2,500 shares of restricted stock .
Cash provided by operations included CYBEROPTICS CORP net loss of $ 1.5 million , which included non - cash expenses totaling $ 2.2 million for depreciation and amortization , provision for doubtful accounts , deferred taxes , non - cash gains from foreign currency transactions , realized gains on available - for - sale securities and stock compensation expenses .
The increase in MODEL N , INC . SaaS and maintenance revenues included a $ 12.5 million increase in MODEL N , INC . SaaS subscription revenues , a $ 8.8 million increase in MODEL N , INC . maintenance and support and managed support services revenues , and $ 0.4 million in MODEL N , INC . training and customer reimbursable expense .
Acquisition of Virttu Biologics Limited On April 27 , 2017 , Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc. entered into a Share Purchase Agreement ( the Virttu Purchase Agreement ) with TNK Therapeutics , Inc , Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc. majority - owned subsidiary ( TNK ) , Virttu Biologics Limited ( Virttu ) , the shareholders of Virttu ( the Virttu Shareholders ) and Dayspring Ventures Limited , as the representative of the Virttu Shareholders , pursuant to which , among other things , TNK acquired from the Virttu Shareholders 100 % of the outstanding ordinary shares of Virttu ( the Virttu Acquisition ) .
Paul G. Daly Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , President , Secretary , Treasurer and Director .
In connection with the 2013 acquisition of Berry , LinnCo , LLC assumed certain derivative contracts that Berry had entered into prior to the acquisition date , including swap contracts , collars and three - way collars .
Hal Mintz serves as manager of Sabby Management , LLC .
MOSAIC CO are subject to taxes , including income taxes , resource taxes and royalties , and other non - income based taxes in the U.S , Canada , China , Brazil and other countries where MOSAIC CO operate .
PERRIGO Co plc received notices of proposed adjustments on December 22 , 2016 for the IRS audit of Athena Neurosciences , Inc , a subsidiary of Elan Corporation plc , which Perrigo acquired in December 2013 , for the years ending December 31 , 2011 and December 31 , 2012 .
For the six month period ended December 31 , 2015 Green Meadow Products , Inc. recognized revenues of $ 18,360 which were comprised of $ 8,360 in sales of dog treats at a market test from a street fair , and licensing rights to Wholesale 4 You , Inc for Green Meadow Products , Inc. stress relief formula and $ 10,000 form fees from Mountain High Products , Inc.
In accordance with these arrangements , in November 2016 , December 2016 and January 2017 , the balance of 26.0 % of the equity interests in Azure , ESP Urja and Millenium , respectively , was transferred to the Company .
AECOM common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) .
ALABAMA POWER CO 's net loss after dividends on preferred stock was $ 329 million in 2014 compared to $ 477 million in 2013 .
N. Robert Hammer . Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer .
Subject to certain exceptions , the credit agreement is secured by substantially all the assets of Quanta and Quanta s wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries and by a pledge of all of the capital stock of Quanta s wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries and 65 % of the capital stock of direct foreign subsidiaries of Quanta s wholly owned U.S. subsidiaries .
BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC ended fiscal 2015 with no borrowings under BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC bank loan agreement and with $ 45.2 million in cash and cash equivalents after investing $ 24.4 million in capital projects .
As of September 30 , 2017 , approximately 2 percent of the total outstanding balance of loans in the Farm Ranch line of business where Farmer Mac either owned the loan or the beneficial interest in the underlying loan had yield maintenance provisions or other forms of prepayment protection ( together covering 5 percent of all loans with fixed interest rates ) .
Dr. Young was also the President and Chief Executive Officer of SRL Technology , Inc , a company involved in the development of pharmaceutical drug delivery systems .
Non - negotiable Subordinated Secured Promissory Note , dated October 31 , 2014 , by Interpace Diagnostics Group , Inc. and Interpace Diagnostics , LLC in favor of RedPath Equityholder Representative , LLC , incorporated by reference to the designated exhibit of Interpace Diagnostics Group , Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2014 , filed with the SEC on March 5 , 2015 .
As of March 31 , 2017 , the Partnership had invested approximately $ 41.0 million in Carnero Gathering .
Lexaria Bioscience Corp. s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) applicable to a going concern , which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business .
As Mr. Vincent served SWIFT ENERGY CO as President during 2015 , he is a Named Executive Officer as discussed in this Form 10 - K. Section 16(a ) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a ) of the Exchange Act requires SWIFT ENERGY CO s directors , executive officers , and persons who own more than 10 % of SWIFT ENERGY CO s common stock to file reports with the SEC regarding their ownership of , and transactions in , SWIFT ENERGY CO s common stock .
However , any changes that lower reimbursements for InspireMD , Inc. products or reduce medical procedure volumes could adversely affect InspireMD , Inc. business plan to introduce InspireMD , Inc. products in the United States .
At an end of Phase II meeting with the FDA in September 2014 , the FDA agreed with Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc on a nine month primary efficacy endpoint for the Phase III trials .
Similarly , AMERICAN AIRLINES INC operations at international airports in Beijing , Frankfurt , London Heathrow , Paris , Tokyo and other airports outside the U.S. are regulated by local slot authorities pursuant to the International Airline Trade Association ( IATA )
On January 22 , 2016 , Mr. Walsh was granted 1,000,000 shares of restricted stock of GroGenesis , Inc. as a bonus for services rendered and will vest in full on December 31 , 2016 .
LinnCo , LLC can not predict whether LinnCo , LLC shares will trade at a discount or premium to the trading price of LINN Energy units .
SKYWEST INC operate a significant number of flights to and from airports with particular weather difficulties , including Atlanta , Salt Lake City , Chicago , San Francisco , Newark and Denver .
CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . common stock , $ 0.01 par value , is traded on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the symbol CLD .
Comparison of the six months ended December 31 , 2015 and The following table sets forth key components of China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc results of operations for the six months ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , in US dollars : .
For the Spacedog library , Wowio , Inc. entered into an agreement whereby the original seller of the library agreed to re - acquire 20 titles from the library in exchange for assuming $ 45,000 in debt and relieving Wowio , Inc. of any further obligation .
Mr. Walcott served as the Assistant General Counsel of Millipore Corporation from 1981 until March 2001 .
If it were necessary to repatriate these funds for use in the U.S , Michaels Companies , Inc. would be required to pay U.S. taxes on the amount of undistributed earnings in Michaels Companies , Inc. foreign subsidiaries .
On May 8 , 2017 , GROW SOLUTIONS HOLDINGS , INC . terminated Otisfund , a New Jersey partnership controlled by Victor Wexler for cause pursuant to that certain Consulting Agreement by and between the Company and Otisfund , dated January 1 , 2015 .
Under Immune Design Corp. license agreements with IDRI , Immune Design Corp. are contingently obligated to pay any potential future milestone payments , which could total up to $ 2.4 million and $ 1.3 million , respectively , for the first and each subsequent exclusive licensed product Immune Design Corp. develop and $ 1.3 million and $ 625,000 , respectively , for the first and each subsequent non - exclusive licensed product Immune Design Corp. develop .
James A. Attwood , Jr. became a director of SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC in January 2011 and serves as the Chairman of SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC Board of Directors .
FINISAR CORP assemble and test most of FINISAR CORP transceiver products at FINISAR CORP facilities in Ipoh , Malaysia and Wuxi , China .
On August 9 , 2013 , a purported shareholder of DISH Network , Jacksonville Police and Fire Pension Fund ( Jacksonville PFPF ) , filed a putative shareholder derivative action in the District Court for Clark County , Nevada alleging , among other things , breach of fiduciary duty claims against the members of DISH Network s Board of Directors as of that date : Charles W. Ergen ; Joseph P. Clayton ; James DeFranco ; Cantey M. Ergen ; Steven R. Goodbarn ; David K. Moskowitz ; Tom A. Ortolf ; and Carl E. Vogel ( collectively , the Director Defendants ) .
Per Medovex Corp. agreement with Bovie , Medovex Corp. are invoiced based on deliverables produced by Bovie , which will amount to $ 295,000 upon completion of all the deliverables .
Ace AH Beard Auping Ashley Sleep Aviya Bedshed Better Bed Bohus Botafogo Boyd Bruno Carpe Diem Carpenter Carolina Mattress Casper Cauval Group Chaide Chaide Classic Sleep Products Coin Colunex Copel Comforpedic Comfort Group Comfort Solutions COFEL group Correct De Rucci Diamona Doremo Octaspring Dorelan Dreams Drommeland Dunlopillo Duxiana Eastborne El Corte Ingles Eminflex Englander Eve Falafella Flex Group of Companies .
He previously served as Vice President Corporate Services of LINN Energy from September 2012 to January 2014 and from August 2008 to September 2012 , Mr. Emmons served as Vice President , Human Resources and Environmental , Health and Safety of LINN Energy .
In another example , if Elanco were to emphasize sales and marketing efforts for bovine vaccines other than those HESKA CORP produce or cancel HESKA CORP supply agreement and produce the vaccines HESKA CORP supply to it by itself , HESKA CORP sales could decline significantly .
The decreases of $ 1.4 million and $ 2.5 million for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 , respectively , as compared to the three and six months ended June 30 , 2016 were due to maintenance dredging at Arc Logistics Partners LP Mobile and Blakeley terminals and major repairs on the Chickasaw terminal dock , which were non - recurring maintenance expenses that occurred during 2016 .
On December 5 , 2016 , the PBCCC set aside a court default that had been previously issued .
Christopher J. Thyen , Vice President , Business Development $ . Stock Compensation The Named Executive Officers may also receive a variety of stock incentive benefits under Kimball Electronics , Inc. s 2014 Stock Option and Incentive Plan consisting of : incentive stock options , stock appreciation rights , restricted shares , unrestricted shares , restricted share units , or performance shares and performance units .
For instance , among others , the FCA , the U.K. PRA and the Bank of England regulate STATE STREET CORP activities in the U.K. ; the Central Bank of Ireland regulates STATE STREET CORP activities in Ireland ; the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority regulates STATE STREET CORP activities in Germany ; the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier regulates STATE STREET CORP activities in Luxembourg ; STATE STREET CORP German banking group and the Luxembourg banks are also subject to direct supervision by the European Central Bank under the ECB Single Supervisory Mechanism ; the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority and the Australian Securities and Investments Commission regulate STATE STREET CORP activities in Australia ; and the Financial Services Agency and the Bank of Japan regulate STATE STREET CORP activities in Japan .
PAREXEL INTERNATIONAL CORP consolidated effective income tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate for the last three fiscal years as set forth below : .
As of September 30 , 2017 , the carrying amount of VORNADO REALTY LP investment in Alexander s , excluding amounts owed to us , exceeds VORNADO REALTY LP share of the equity in the net assets of Alexander s by approximately $ 39,418,000 .
Mr. Dalton was a director and President of Track Group from August 2003 until June 2008 .
PEMEX budget reductions have resulted in contract cancellations and slower than expected growth in the market for HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA vessels in Mexico .
In June 2015 , EchoStar purchased an equity investment in WorldVu Satellites Limited ( OneWeb ) , a low - earth orbit satellite company , and Hughes Satellite Systems Corp entered into an agreement with OneWeb to provide certain equipment and services in connection with the ground system for OneWeb s low - earth orbit satellites .
Mr. Bochnowski is the son of David A. Bochnowski , the Chairman , Chief Executive Officer of the Bancorp and the Bank .
In addition to HENNESSY ADVISORS INC executive officers responsibilities at Hennessy Advisors , Inc , Mr. Hennessy serves as President , Chief Investment Officer , and a Portfolio Manager of the Hennessy Funds and is a member of the Funds Board of Trustees , Ms. Nilsen is an Executive Vice President and Treasurer of the Hennessy Funds , and Mr. Steadman is an Executive Vice President and Secretary of the Hennessy Funds .
The net increase was primarily due to valuation allowances recorded on net operating and capital losses of acquired Rexam subsidiaries in the U.K , France , and for U.S. state tax purposes , as well as for current year U.S. state net operating losses at Ball s U.S. subsidiaries , partially offset by the release of valuation allowances on net operating losses for Ball s Canadian subsidiaries , and by a release of valuation allowances on net operating losses due to dispositions of certain European subsidiaries .
Our discussion and analysis of GLOBAL TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP , INC . financial condition and results of operations are based upon GLOBAL TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP , INC . consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles .
In connection with the Merger Agreement and the closing of the Merger , on November 15 , 2016 , Marina entered into a Master Services Agreement with Autotelic Inc. ( Autotelic ) , a stockholder of IThenaPharma that became the holder of 5,255,354 shares of Marina common stock as a result of the Merger , and an entity of which Dr. Trieu serves as Chairman of the Board , pursuant to which Autotelic agreed to provide certain business functions and services from time to time during regular business hours at Marina s request ( the Master Services Agreement ) .
In addition , USCF pays BBH Co. an asset - based charge of ( a ) 0.06 % for the first $ 500 million of the Related Public Funds combined net assets , ( b ) 0.0465 % for the Related Public Funds combined net assets greater than $ 500 million but less than $ 1 billion , and ( c ) 0.035 % once the Related Public Funds combined net assets exceed $ 1 billion .
Mr. Sonny Roshan , the former Chairman of AEON , was appointed the Chairman of the Company , which is an executive officer position at AUTHENTIDATE HOLDING CORP , ( ii ) Mr. Richard Hersperger , the former Chief Executive Officer of AEON , assumed the role of Chief Executive Officer of AUTHENTIDATE HOLDING CORP , and ( iii ) each of Messrs. Roshan and Hersperger were elected directors of the Company ( which became effective February 16 , 2016 ) .
The financial statements of Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. subsidiaries which are incorporated in China are translated to U.S. dollars using period end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities , and average rates of exchange ( for the period ) for revenue , costs , and expenses .
As a result of the financial crisis and highly publicized financial scandals , investors have exhibited concerns over the integrity of the U.S. financial markets and the regulatory environment in which Blackstone Group L.P. operate in the United States .
Through GAB Management Group , Inc , Mr. Brauser will serve as a consultant to Healthier Choices Management Corp. pursuant to an . Executive Services Consulting Agreement dated as of April 11 , 2016 , ( the Consulting Agreement ) , the term of which is two years .
Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. are required to analyze all open tax years , as defined by the statute of limitations , for all major jurisdictions , which includes U.S. federal and certain states .
Mr. Canning also serves as CCO of GIREX , a position he has held since September 2015 .
In addition to offering mortgage insurance , Essent Group Ltd. provide contract underwriting services on a limited basis through CUW Solutions , LLC ( " CUW Solutions " ) , a Delaware limited liability company , that provides , among other things , mortgage contract underwriting services to lenders and mortgage insurance underwriting services to affiliates .
Randy Garutti - has served as Shake Shack s Chief Executive Officer and on the Board of Directors since April 2012 .
On July 27 , 2017 and July 28 , 2017 , Wayne Funding LLC , or Wayne Funding , FS Energy & Power Fund 's wholly - owned , special purpose financing subsidiary , repaid and terminated , respectively , the revolving credit facility , or the Wells Fargo credit facility , which Wayne Funding originally entered into on September 9 , 2014 with Wells Fargo Securities , LLC , as administrative agent , each of the conduit lenders and institutional lenders from time to time party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank , National Association , collectively referred to herein as Wells Fargo , as the collateral agent , account bank and collateral custodian under the Wells Fargo credit facility .
$ 4.0 million and $ 6.8 million proportionate share of nC+ s results for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and March 31 , 2016 , respectively .
Federal deposit insurance premiums are payments MB Bancorp Inc make to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation for insurance of MB Bancorp Inc deposit accounts , and Office of the Comptroller of the Currency assessments are semi - annual assessments MB Bancorp Inc pay to MB Bancorp Inc primary regulator .
KULICKE & SOFFA INDUSTRIES INC U.S. operations also have foreign currency exposure due to net monetary assets denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar .
The following table summarizes Bellerophon Therapeutics , Inc. results of operations for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 .
On December 12 , 2016 , MOMENTOUS ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INC entered into a convertible promissory note agreement with LG Capital Funding , LLC for $ 45,675 , with an 8 % interest rate , with a 12 - month term .
Audit Committee Planet Fitness , Inc. audit committee consists of Dr. Spinelli and Messrs. Berg and LeComte , with Dr. Spinelli serving as chairman of the committee .
a Residence Inn by Marriott located in Baton Rouge , Louisiana ( the Residence Inn - Baton Rouge ) ; .
Fees and related income on earning assets primarily include : ( 1 ) fees associated with Atlanticus Holdings Corp credit products , including the receivables underlying Atlanticus Holdings Corp U.S. point - of - sale finance and direct - to - consumer activities , and Atlanticus Holdings Corp historical credit card receivables ; ( 2 ) changes in the fair value of loans and fees receivable recorded at fair value ; ( 3 ) changes in fair value of notes payable associated with structured financings recorded at fair value ; ( 4 ) revenues associated with rent payments on rental merchandise ; and ( 5 ) gains or losses associated with Atlanticus Holdings Corp investments in securities .
At December 31 , 2015 , WPL and Resources , through their ownership interests in WPL Transco , in aggregate held an approximate 16 % ownership interest in ATC , a transmission - only utility operating primarily in the Midwest .
As of June 30 , 2017 , DSG Global Inc. has set up a reserve for future warranty costs of $ 115,589 .
Guidewire Software , Inc. and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Estimates Business Guidewire Software , Inc , a Delaware corporation , was incorporated on September 20 , 2001 .
Mr. Aberle joined Qualcomm in December 2000 as an attorney and throughout his tenure at Qualcomm has held several other legal and leadership positions .
Also included in MAUI LAND & PINEAPPLE CO INC real estate operating revenues were sales commissions totaling $ 290,000 and $ 210,000 for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively , and $ 600,000 and $ 876,000 for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively , from resales of properties owned by private residents in the Kapalua Resort and surrounding areas by MAUI LAND & PINEAPPLE CO INC wholly - owned subsidiary , Kapalua Realty Company , Ltd.
If , within 12 months after the occurrence of an event constituting a change in control , Mr. Jensen 's employment terminates without cause or if Mr. Jensen resigns for good reason , then Lifevantage Corp will pay him severance payments equal to 12 months of his annual base salary , paid as described in the paragraph above , and unless otherwise provided in the applicable option agreement or award agreement , all restricted stock awards and other equity - based awards granted to Mr. Jensen will be entitled to receive full service - based vesting credit and deemed attainment at target of all performance - based vesting milestones as of the date of the change in control , the performance period with respect to all PRSUs shall be deemed to .
Mr. Miller has been Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. Chief Financial Officer since Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. initial formation .
GmbH. The Board further accepted the resignation of Robert F. McCullough , Jr. as Chairman of the Board and unanimously elected Michael Ott to the position of Chairman of the Board to serve until such time as his resignation or removal .
Effective July 1 , 1996 , HILLS BANCORPORATION formed a new subsidiary , Hills Bank , which acquired for cash all the outstanding shares of a bank in Lisbon , Iowa .
Power Purchase Agreements means , collectively , ( a ) that certain Contract for the Sale and Purchase of Capacity , Energy and Ancillary Services , dated as of September 30 , 2010 , between DEBM , as assignee of Hess , and BEC , as amended by that certain Amendment to Contract for the Sale and Purchase of Capacity , Energy and Ancillary Services , dated as of June 12 , 2014 and ( b )
Terry E. Swift , 60 , has served as a director of Swift Energy since May 2000 and as Chairman of the Board since June 1 , 2006 .
In the early years after inception , Essense Water , Inc. largely survived on funds provided by Essense Water , Inc. sole officer and director , Kevin Nichols , who has agreed to advance funds for operations , if needed .
During the quarter ended April 30 , 2016 , the Valuation Committee increased the fair value of MVC CAPITAL , INC . s investments in : Security Holdings equity interest by $ 911,000 , RuMe series B-1 preferred stock by approximately $ 347,000 , MVC Private Equity Fund L.P. general partnership interest and limited partnership interest in the PE Fund by a total of approximately $ 763,000 , JSC Tekers preferred stock by .
On November 3 , 2015 , INTRICON CORP acquired the assets of PC Werth through its IntriCon UK subsidiary to gain direct access to the NHS and to have greater control over its efforts to accelerate new market penetration into the United Kingdom .
In addition to a significant portion of MAXLINEAR INC wafer supply coming from Taiwan , Singapore , China and Malaysia , substantially all of MAXLINEAR INC products undergo packaging and final testing in Taiwan , Singapore , China , South Korea , and the Philippines .
Capricor may terminate the agreement if CSMC fails to cure any material breach within 90 days after notice .
The results of operations of these acquisitions did not have a material impact on REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's results of operations for 2015 .
Mr. DeIuliis has been President of CONSOL Energy since February 23 , 2011 , and on May 7 , 2014 he was named CONSOL Energy s Chief Executive Officer .
The complaint seeks to void under Section 133 of the German Insolvency Act a share purchase agreement between Micron B.V. and Qimonda signed in fall 2008 pursuant to which Micron B.V. purchased substantially all of Qimonda 's shares of Inotera Memories , Inc. ( the " Inotera Shares " ) , representing approximately 18 % of Inotera 's outstanding shares as of December 1 , 2016 , and seeks an order requiring us to re - transfer those shares to the Qimonda estate .
At the closing of the merger , Cocrystal Pharma , Inc. issued to RFS Pharma s members 1,000,000 shares of Cocrystal Pharma , Inc. s Series A preferred shares to purchase all of the outstanding member interests in RFS Pharma , and also issued 16,542,538 options to purchase Cocrystal Pharma , Inc. s common stock as replacements of awards previously issued to employees of RFS Pharma .
On August 25 , 2015 , CannaMED Enterprises , Inc. issued 3,000,000 shares of its common stock at par representing 86 % of the total outstanding 3,500,000 shares of common stock to Mikhail Artamonov , the sole officer and director of the Company .
Headquartered in New York , New York , Medivo uses advanced analytics and proprietary disease algorithms to provide unique targeting intelligence for life science companies ; commercial effectiveness opportunities for diagnostic companies ; and quality improvement and risk management solutions for payers .
Currently , Mr. Kyte serves as RIGHTSCORP , INC . Chief Executive Officer and as RIGHTSCORP , INC . Chairman .
The Amended Complaint alleges , among other things , breach of Mr. Vituli 's employment agreement with us , fraud , and fraudulent inducement in connection with Mr. Vituli s departure as chief executive officer , chairman , and director of Carrols Restaurant Group and Carrols and as non - executive chairman and director of Fiesta , that he was wrongfully deprived of observer rights on the board of directors of Carrols Restaurant Group after his departure from such board and that he was underpaid a portion of his bonus for fiscal 2011 .
Suzanne E. Andrews , age 57 , joined Barnes & Noble Education , Inc. in September 2015 as Vice President , General Counsel , and Corporate Secretary .
the escalation of hostilities in Israel , which could impair InspireMD , Inc. ability to manufacture InspireMD , Inc. products .
In 2016 , Cadus had no officers other than Hunter C. Gary , its President and Chief Executive Officer from March 2014 with a salary of $ 200,000 per annum , and David Blitz , who served in a consultative capacity as CADUS CORP s President and Chief Executive Officer , Treasurer and Secretary until Mr. Gary s appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer in March 2014 and thereafter as CADUS CORP s Treasurer and Secretary , in each case , at the rate of $ 25,000 per annum .
Headquartered in King of Prussia , Pennsylvania , Beyond , The Career Network , helps millions of professionals find jobs and advance their careers while also serving as the premier destination for companies in need of top talent .
RHYTHM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . are highly dependent on Keith M. Gottesdiener , M.D , RHYTHM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . Chief Executive Officer and President , Hunter Smith , RHYTHM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer , Nithya Desikan , RHYTHM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . Chief Commercial Officer , Lex H.T. Van der Ploeg , Ph . D , RHYTHM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . Chief Scientific Officer , and Fred T. Fiedorek , M.D , RHYTHM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . Chief Medical Officer . RHYTHM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . have employment agreements with these individuals that became effective upon consummation of RHYTHM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . IPO , but any individual may terminate his or her employment with us at any time .
These forward looking statements include , but are not limited to , statements concerning AMYRIS , INC . strategy of achieving a significant reduction in net cash outflows in 2016 , future production capacity and other aspects of AMYRIS , INC . future operations , ability to improve AMYRIS , INC . production efficiencies , future financial position , future revenues , projected costs ,
( the Operating Partnership ) for the period ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Randy Churchey , Chief Executive Officer of the Operating Partnership , certify , in my capacity as an officer of the Operating Partnership , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
SkyWest Airlines operating revenue increased by $ 46.1 million or 2.5 % , for the 2014 year compared to the 2013 year .
Among his other responsibilities with American Express , Mr. Perlis served as Executive Vice President , and was a key member of numerous senior level U.S. executive committees .
From April 2007 through June 2009 , Mr. Egan was employed by MS Co , a financial services firm , where his responsibilities included serving as Head of Due Diligence and Manager Research for Morgan Stanley s Managed Futures Department .
On February 19 , 2016 , Chua Seong Seng resigned as Chief Executive Officer , President and as a director and Lim Wei Lin resigned as Secretary and as a director .
During the three months ended June 30 , 2017 , the net change in unrealized losses on the portfolio was primarily attributable to a mark - to - market loss on the common equity investment in Rockdale .
Colonial s results of operations for August through December are included in the consolidated results for the year .
On August 17 , 2015 , Chua Seong Seng was appointed as the President , Chief Executive Officer and a director , Lim Wei Lin was appointed as Secretary and a director , and Low Tuan Lee was appointed as Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and a director of AXIOM HOLDINGS , INC .
Prior to joining SYNAPTICS Inc company , Mr. McFarland served for nine years as the Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary of MagnaChip Semiconductor .
In Fifth Third Holdings Funding , LLC opinion , management s assertion that Fifth Third Holdings Funding , LLC complied with the aforementioned applicable servicing criteria as of and for the year ended December 31 , 2015 for all asset - backed securities transactions , for which Fifth Third acted as servicer involving retail auto loans , that have been registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 , where the related asset - backed securities were outstanding during the reporting period Platform is fairly stated , in all material respects . /s/
The description of the activities below has been provided to us by Warburg Pincus LLC ( WP ) , affiliates of which : ( i ) beneficially own more than 10 % of Antero s outstanding common stock and/or are members of Antero Midstream Partners LP general partner s board of directors and ( ii ) beneficially own more than 10 % of the equity interests of , and have the right to designate members of the board of directors of Santander Asset Management Investment Holdings Limited ( SAMIH ) and Endurance International Group Holdings , Inc. ( Endurance ) .
On or about March 31 , 2017 , in order to induce us to enter into the Merger Agreement , Napo entered into debt settlement agreements with Dorsar Investment Company , Alco Investment Company , Two Daughters LLC , Boies Schiller Flexner LLP and Dan Becka ( collectively , the Debt Settlement Agreements ) , pursuant to which Jaguar Health , Inc. issued in the aggregate 4,167,172 shares of Jaguar Health , Inc. non - voting common stock and warrants to purchase 1,224,875 shares of Jaguar Health , Inc. voting common stock , with an exercise price of $ 0.08 per share ( the Warrants ) , to such creditors and their respective affiliates as a complete settlement and satisfaction of Napo s outstanding obligations to such creditors .
In addition , Xcerra Corp Compensation Committee may , in its discretion , revise , amend or add to the benefits if it deems advisable . ( 1 ) This amount , which in the case of Messrs. Tacelli , Gallenberger , and Rond represents the named executive officer s current base salary plus the executive s earned fiscal 2017 cash incentive bonus plus the executive s target fiscal 2017 cash incentive bonus .
This evaluation was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of QUANTUMSPHERE , INC . Chief Executive Officer , Mr. Kevin Maloney , and QUANTUMSPHERE , INC . Chief Financial Officer , Mr. Stephen Gillings , ( the Certifying Officers ) .
KAI received 4,601,621 restricted voting common shares of Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. company , which Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. refer to as restricted voting shares , then valued at $ 27.8 million , along with 18,000,000 non - voting preferred shares of Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. company , then valued at $ 18.0 million , and C$ 8.0 million cash for total consideration of C$ 60.8 million in exchange for 100 % of the outstanding shares of American Acquisition and full payment of certain promissory notes .
This is deemed to be an affiliate transaction because Mr. Sillerman is the former Chairman , a Board member , and a greater than 10 % stockholder of Circle and Mr. Nelson is Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Circle .
Economic recession or other economic problems , including those affecting TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC South Carolina markets , but also those affecting the U.S. or world economies , could have a material adverse impact on the demand for TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC products and services .
In January 2015 , in connection with Shelbourne Falcon s purchase of equity interests in RL Venture , Red Lion Hotels CORP issued Shelbourne warrants to purchase 442,533 shares of common stock .
Richard Kaiser Paul Parliament Chief Financial Officer ( acting ) Chief Executive Officer , President Bravo Multinational Incorporated Bravo Multinational Incorporated .
As of February 28 , 2017 , Nancy Peterson , the mother of Company director Jeffrey Peterson , was the beneficial owner of , and had voting and dispositive control over , 51.7 % of ELECTRO SENSORS INC s common stock .
Macquarie Group Limited is headquartered in Australia and is listed on the Australian Stock Exchange .
Under current tax laws , if these funds were repatriated for use in AMGEN INC U.S. operations , AMGEN INC would be required to pay additional income taxes at the tax rates then in effect .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Valhi , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , VALHI INC /DE/ , Robert D. Graham , Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer , and Gregory M. Swalwell , Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of VALHI INC /DE/ , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 )
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America , and that YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . management and Directors ; .
Effective as of the Closing Date Mark W. Brooks became the Chairman of the Board and Christopher C. Reeg became the Chief Executive Officer of the Company ( See Notes 7 and 10 ) .
Vincent L. Ammann , Jr. Vincent L. Ammann , Jr. Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
On January 29 , 2016 , Primoris Services Corp s subsidiary , Primoris AV , acquired certain assets and liabilities of Mueller Concrete Construction Company for $ 4.1 million .
The compensation offered to Ms. Gordon for her service as a director of PSE will be the same as that offered to all non - employee independent board members of PUGET SOUND ENERGY INC , pursuant to the director compensation schedule filed as Exhibit 10.38 to PUGET SOUND ENERGY INC 's Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2015 .
Impacting InsPro Technologies Corp cash flow from operations was InsPro Technologies Corp net loss of $ 2,667,937 in 2016 as compared to InsPro Technologies Corp net loss of $ 6,376,468 in 2015 and : .
As of March 31 , 2017 , the consolidated statement of financial condition of Frontier Diversified Fund included the assets and liabilities of its majority owned Frontier Trading Company XXXV , LLC .
A comparison of AVALONBAY COMMUNITIES INC operating results for 2016 , 2015 and 2014 follows ( dollars in thousands ): . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ( 1 ) Percent change is not meaningful .
AMES NATIONAL CORP operations are concentrated primarily in central and north central Iowa .
Net Element , Inc. primary actions during 2015 were as follows : .
Exhibit 32.2 In connection with this Quarterly Report of Sprague Resources LP ( the Partnership ) on Form 10 - Q for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Gary A. Rinaldi , Senior Vice President , Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the general partner of the Partnership , certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to my knowledge : .
Mr. Smith previously served as Vice President of Sales and Marketing for INTELSAT and Cray Communications , Inc.
Upon the closing of the share exchange with GTCL on February 19 , 2015 , Orbital Satcom entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Phipps ( the Phipps Employment Agreement ) , whereby Mr. Phipps agreed to serve as the President of Orbital Satcom for a period of two years , subject to renewal , in consideration for an annual salary of $ 180,000 .
Amortization of purchased intangibles included in the CGD Systems results amounted to $ 24.5 million , $ 22.3 million , and $ 11.3 million in 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively .
From Goldman Sachs BDC , Inc. formation in 2012 through December 31 , 2016 , Goldman Sachs BDC , Inc. originated more than $ 1.94 billion in aggregate principal amount of debt and equity investments prior to any subsequent exits and repayments .
The difference is primarily attributable to increases in payments on Granite Falls Energy , LLC long - term debt associated with Granite Falls Energy , LLC credit facilities for the GFE and HLBE plants during Granite Falls Energy , LLC 2014 fiscal year , a distribution made to GFE members during the first fiscal quarter of 2014 and HLBE 's payments on the convertible subordinated debt of approximately $ 207,000 .
At June 30 , 2017 , the QVC Group is comprised of Liberty Interactive Corp consolidated subsidiaries , QVC and zulily , and Liberty Interactive Corp approximate 38 % interest in HSN , accounted for under the equity method .
Fixed charges also consist of $ 0.5 and $ 0.6 million of interest expense relating to investments held through affiliated entities , exclusive of AG Mortgage Investment Trust , Inc. investment in AG Arc , at December 31 , 2016 and December 31 , 2015 , respectively .
Because INSTRUCTURE INC long - term growth strategy involves further expansion of INSTRUCTURE INC sales to customers outside of the United States , INSTRUCTURE INC business will be susceptible to risks associated with international operations .
Stephen B. Alexander joined Ciena in 1994 and has served as Chief Technology Officer since September 1998 and as a Senior Vice President since January 2000 .
Following is selected financial information on ALAMO GROUP INC s international operations which include Europe , Canada and Australia : .
Overview Business Rand was incorporated in the State of Delaware in 2004 as a blank check company .
Mr. Nod -Langlois presently indirectly holds through Voltaire Group SA , exercisable options to acquire an additional 1.050,000 shares of DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC Company s common stock .
From 2004 to 2011 , Mr. Liang was an Engineer with the Lou Di City Bureau of Education .
Kindred Rehabilitation Services Kindred Hospital Rehabilitation Services Revenues increased 2 % to $ 173 million in the third quarter of 2017 compared to $ 170 million for the same period in 2016 , and increased 4 % to $ 530 million for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 compared to $ 508 million for the same period in 2016 .
INSTRUCTURE INC amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and INSTRUCTURE INC stockholders , which could limit INSTRUCTURE INC stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or INSTRUCTURE INC directors , officers or employees .
Net Revenue The decrease in SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM INC consolidated net revenues of $ 4.2 million or 4 % was due to decreases in both SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM INC radio and television segments net revenues .
Including Energy , DOVER Corp U.S. activity declined due to weakness in oil and gas - related end markets .
Doing business on a worldwide basis requires us and SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC subsidiaries to comply with the laws and regulations of the U.S. government and various international jurisdictions , and SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC failure to successfully comply with these rules and regulations may expose us to liabilities .
On December 2 , 2016 , Premier , Inc , through PSCI , acquired from GNYHA Holdings , LLC ( see Note 14 - Related Party Transactions ) the remaining 50 % ownership interest of Innovatix and 100 % of the ownership interest in Essensa Ventures , LLC ( " Essensa " ) for $ 325.0 million , of which $ 227.5 million in cash was paid at closing and $ 97.5 million in cash was paid on January 10 , 2017 .
During the year ended November 30 , 2016 , Valmie Resources , Inc. paid management fees of $ 75,000 ( 2015 $ 47,000 ) to Mr. Hammack , and $ Nil ( 2015 $ 5,000 ) to Timothy Franklin , Valmie Resources , Inc. former sole officer and director , and converted $ Nil ( 2015 $ 33,927 ) in debt previously owed to Khurram Shroff , Valmie Resources , Inc. former sole officer and director , into common stock resulting in a loss on the settlement of debt in the amount of $ Nil ( 2015 $ 919,422 .
Sharon Price John Chief Executive Officer and Chief President Bear 1954 Innerbelt Business Center St. Louis , MO 63114 .
Boot Barn Holdings , Inc. s consolidated financial statements , prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) , include the accounts of Boot Barn Holdings , Inc. and each of its subsidiaries , including WW Holding Corporation , Boot Barn Holding Corporation , Boot Barn , Inc , RCC Western Stores , Inc. ( RCC ) , Baskins Acquisition Holdings , LLC ( Baskins ) , Sheplers Inc. and Sheplers Holding Corporation ( collectively with Sheplers , Inc. Sheplers ) and Boot Barn International (
Net revenues As a result of the foregoing factors , EMERSON RADIO CORP s net revenues were $ 21.3 million for fiscal 2017 as compared to $ 45.8 million for fiscal 2016 , a decrease of $ 24.5 million , or 53.6 % .
The Base NAV of any share class is subject to downward adjustment in the event that COLE REAL ESTATE INCOME STRATEGY ( DAILY NAV ) , INC . s board of directors , including a majority of the independent directors , determines that such an adjustment is necessary to provide an appropriate incentive to Cole Advisors to perform in a manner that seeks to maximize stockholder value and is in the best interests of COLE REAL ESTATE INCOME STRATEGY ( DAILY NAV ) , INC . s stockholders .
All of the current executive officers ( other than Mr. Foster ) have employment agreements with Northern Tier Energy LP , including the agreements of Ms. Davis and Mr. Lamp with NTI , which were continued and assumed by the Company .
Before joining Morgan Stanley Investment Management , Mr. Ross was employed by JPMorgan Investor Services Co , a financial services firm , from December 1997 through September 2005 , where his responsibilities included serving as a Vice President responsible for the accounting of certain funds sponsored by JPMorgan Chase Co. and other large fund families serviced by JPMorgan Investor Services Co. From April 1997 to December 1997 , Mr. Ross was employed by Investors Bank Trust , a financial services firm , where his responsibilities included performing mutual fund accounting for financial services firms .
During the nine months ended June 30 , 2017 , SIGNAL BAY , INC . repaid $ 36,808 to Sara Lausmann , Vice President Client Services .
When the mortgages underlying the MSR repay faster than Hatteras Financial Corp estimates , Hatteras Financial Corp will earn less than Hatteras Financial Corp expected when Hatteras Financial Corp purchased the MSR , and may even lose money .
If these funds are needed for KEMET CORP operations in the U.S , KEMET CORP may be required to accrue U.S. withholding taxes on the distributed foreign earnings .
U.S. insurance subsidiaries are domiciled , regulate , among other things , certain transactions between Essent Group Ltd , Essent Group Ltd. insurance subsidiaries and other parties affiliated with us and certain transactions involving Essent Group Ltd. common shares , including transactions that constitute a change of control of Essent Group Ltd. and , consequently , a change of control of Essent Group Ltd. insurance subsidiaries .
Severance payments under Mr. Festa s employment agreement are contingent upon Mr. Festa s execution of an agreement releasing Grace from liabilities related to Mr. Festa s employment by Grace .
As of September 30 , 2017 , ECOSPHERE TECHNOLOGIES INC has received a $ 1,405,000 investment for 14.75 % in ECOSPHERE TECHNOLOGIES INC s subsidiary , Ecosphere Development Company , LLC future revenues generated in connection with Phase 1 of the Washington Cannatech Agriculture Center project .
Marc Grondahl , a member of Planet Fitness , Inc. board of directors , through his ownership interest in MG ADA Two Investor LLC , entered into an ADA with us dated December 21 , 2015 under which he is obligated to open ten Planet Fitness stores and paid ADA fees to us totaling $ 100,000 .
Despite the recent improvements in market conditions , a future downturn in the market for DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. products or services could adversely affect DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. operating results and increase the risk of substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations in DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. earnings .
In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 - K of WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund VI , L.P , Series 13 ( the Partnership ) for the year ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , and pursuant to 18 U.S.C , section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , I , Wilfred N. Cooper , Jr , President and Chief Executive Officer of WNC Associates , Inc , general partner of the Partnership s general partner , hereby certify that : .
In August 2008 , Medtronic filed suit against us in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California , alleging that certain of NUVASIVE INC products infringe , or contribute to the infringement of , U.S. patents owned by Medtronic .
Previously , Mr. McLellan had served us as MOSAIC CO Vice President North American Sales since December 2005 and as Country Manager for our ( and , prior to the Combination , Cargill s ) Brazilian crop nutrient business since November , 2002 .
Litigation , Case No . 3:14 - cv-01982 ( D.N.J. ) was filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS , INC , its Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer , Mark Munro , The DreamTeamGroup and MissionIR , as purported securities advertisers and investor relations firms , and John Mylant , a purported investor and investment advisor .
The Credit Agreement continues to allow for borrowings under the separate credit agreement ( a UK Credit Agreement ) which was dated March 19 , 2015 with an affiliate of Wells Fargo Bank which provides for the financing of transactions in the United Kingdom .
Highlights of OCEANFIRST FINANCIAL CORP s financial results for the year ended December 31 , 2015 were as follows :
Critical Accounting Policies Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America , or U.S. GAAP , which requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods .
These defects rendered the April 13 , 2010 CanAmera Management license agreement assignment to AWG International , Inc. invalid as well .
Robert M. Gans , SCORES HOLDING CO INC President , Chief Executive Officer and a director , is the majority owner ( 92.165 % ) of Star Light Events LLC and Howard Rosenbluth , SCORES HOLDING CO INC Secretary , Treasurer and a Director , owns 1 % .
Prior to joining YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC , from August 2011 to April 2015 , Mr. Tao served as the Chief Executive Officer and Director of BesTV Network Television Technology Development Co , Ltd. ( SHA:600637 ) , a publicly - listed new media company in China , providing Internet protocol television , over - the - top television , mobile television and Internet video services in China .
On August 27 , 2014 , the SEC declared effective the registration statement , which covers the resale of 3,178,410 shares of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. common stock ( including 331,282 shares of common stock issuable upon exchange of an equivalent number of OP units ) .
Although SMARTHEAT INC . believe that SMARTHEAT INC . subsidiaries in China are in compliance with these regulations , should these regulations or the interpretation of them by PRC courts or regulatory agencies change , SMARTHEAT INC . may not be able to pay dividends outside of China .
Messrs. Heinberg ( Chairman ) , Jacobs and Gross serve on the Governance , Nominating and Compensation Committee .
Rozh Caroro . President , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Director ( Principal Executive Officer , Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer ) .
Also described is the compensation of Gulf Power 's former Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , Richard S. Teel , who became Vice President of Fuel Services for SCS on June 1 , 2015 .
During 2013 and a portion of 2014 , Mitchell Habib , a member of YuMe Inc s board of directors , was the Chief Operating Officer of Nielsen and prior to that , he served as Executive Vice President of Nielsen s Global Business Services division .
There have been no material changes to the information on future obligations contained in NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORP Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
TPT , TOR MINERALS INTERNATIONAL INC European operation , located in Hattem , The Netherlands , manufactures Alumina based products and BARYPREM and TOR MINERALS INTERNATIONAL INC Asian operation , located in Ipoh , Malaysia , manufactures HITOX and TIOPREM .
In connection with entering into the 2016 Credit Agreement , on February 16 , 2016 , PGT Innovations , Inc. terminated PGT Innovations , Inc. prior credit agreement , dated as of September 22 , 2014 , among PGT Industries , Inc , as the borrower , PGT Innovations , Inc , as guarantor , the lenders from time to time party thereto and Deutsche Bank , as administrative agent and collateral agent ( 2014 Credit Agreement ) .
Additionally , Mr. Price , as CEO of the holding company , does not have direct involvement with the foregoing transactions , nor is his compensation directly or materially affected by the revenue earned by Mesirow from such transactions .
Mr. Barabe serves on the boards of : ArQule , Inc , a Boston - based , NASDAQ - listed biotech company ; Vigilant Biosciences , Inc , a private medical device company ; Veeva Systems Inc , a cloud based software company focusing on the life sciences industry ; and Project Open Hand , a non - profit organization .
Mr. Miroshnikov is also Managing Director of SQN Venture Partners , a manager of a venture debt fund .
The first restaurant LeGall Holdings Inc. shall operate is located at 3173 Roswell Rd Atlanta , GA 30305 ( the Property ) .
The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for periods prior to August 2016 include the accounts of Acer and its wholly - owned subsidiaries , Acer Therapeutics Inc , a Delaware corporation , and Anchor Therapeutics , Inc. ( Anchor ) ( collectively referred to as the Company ) .
Exhibit 10.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed December 8 , 2015 .
Illinois EMCASCO was formed in Illinois in 1976 ( and was re - domesticated to Iowa in 2001 ) , Dakota Fire was formed in North Dakota in 1957 and EMCASCO was formed in Iowa in 1958 , all for the purpose of writing property and casualty insurance .
Based on Granite Falls Energy , LLC unit ownership in HLBE , GFE 's share of the HLBE distribution was $ 4.7 million .
Summit Materials , LLC operate a highly efficient , low - cost integrated cement manufacturing and distribution network through Summit Materials , LLC cement plants in Hannibal , Missouri , 100 miles north of St. Louis , and Davenport , Iowa and Summit Materials , LLC 10 terminals along the Mississippi River from Minnesota to Louisiana .
InspireMD , Inc. will make periodic contributions to these insurance and social benefits plans based on certain percentages of Mr. Shore s base salary , including ( i ) 7.5 % to the education fund and ( ii ) 15.83 % to the manager s insurance policy , of which 8.33 % will be allocated to severance pay , 5 % to pension fund payments and 2.5 % to disability pension payments .
I , James J. Dalton , Chief Executive Officer of ActiveCare , Inc.
Additionally , Lighthouse Sixty , LP , owner of the building at 60 Hempstead Avenue , West Hempstead , NY , and of which Paul Cooper and Louis Sheinker are managing members of the general partner , have a lease agreement with GTJ REIT ,
In September 2010 , Orexigen Therapeutics , Inc. entered into a collaboration agreement with Takeda to develop and commercialize Contrave in the United States , Canada and Mexico .
In 2006 , HISTOGENICS CORP underwent a corporate reorganization pursuant to which HISTOGENICS CORP were incorporated as a Delaware corporation .
In addition , from September 1998 to July 2001 , Sergey served as Google s President and Chairman of Google s Board of Directors .
Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc. primary investment activities for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 were as follows : .
For the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 , Novocure Ltd net revenues were $ 38.4 million and $ 73.3 million , respectively , and Novocure Ltd net loss was $ 21.2 million and $ 39.2 million , respectively .
The REIT Merger and related transactions are subject to approval by RLJ Lodging Trust shareholders and FelCor 's stockholders .
December 31 , 2015 , Lenders Title s equity investment in Asset Exchange , Inc. was $ 0.3 million , and Asset Exchange , Inc. had total assets of $ 0.3 million .
Mitu Resources Inc. ( the Company ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 17 , 2013 and is a mineral exploration and production company engaged in the exploration , acquisition , and development of mineral properties .
Following are income statement variances for Utility , Entergy Wholesale Commodities , Parent Other , and Entergy comparing the third quarter 2017 to the third quarter 2016 showing how much the line item increased or ( decreased ) in comparison to the prior period : .
FIRST ACCEPTANCE CORP /DE/ has three insurance company subsidiaries that are organized and domiciled under the insurance statutes of Texas , Georgia , and Tennessee .
With Activision Blizzard , Inc. cash and cash equivalents and short - term investments of $ 3.3 billion at March 31 , 2017 , and the expected cash flows provided by Activision Blizzard , Inc. operating activities , Activision Blizzard , Inc. believe that Activision Blizzard , Inc. have sufficient liquidity to meet daily operations for the foreseeable future .
Secured Promissory Note due 2019 - On February 5 , 2016 , El Dorado Chemical Company , a subsidiary within LSB INDUSTRIES INC Chemical Business , entered into a secured promissory note due 2019 for an original principal amount of $ 10.0 million .
implementation of the executive compensation program , as Mr. Cochran has significant involvement in , and knowledge of , WideOpenWest Finance , LLC 's business goals , strategies and performance , the overall effectiveness of the executive officers and each person 's individual contribution to WideOpenWest Finance , LLC 's performance .
changes in , or uncertainties relating to , foreign rules and regulations that may impact NUVASIVE INC ability to sell NUVASIVE INC products , perform services or repatriate profits to the United States ; .
HEALTHSOUTH CORP operate hospitals in 30 states and Puerto Rico , with concentrations in the eastern half of the United States and Texas .
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect amounts reported in Floor & Decor Holdings , Inc. consolidated financial statements and related notes , as well as the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements .
Certifications by Hendrik Jacobs , President and Chief Executive Officer , and Robert McKeracher , Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 .
Alan Smith , Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. s Chief Executive officer and a director , has advanced money to fund Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. s operations .
IRONCLAD PERFORMANCE WEAR CORP board of directors currently consists of five members : Messrs. Clayton , Cordes , DiGregorio , Giffen and Jacobs .
With respect to Mr. Brett Roth , a Senior Vice President and Portfolio Manager of ANWORTH MORTGAGE ASSET CORP Manager , in the event that a change in control occurs , in addition to other benefits , he will receive a lump sum payment equal to ( i ) 12 months of the annual base salary ( in effect on September 18 , 2014 ) paid by ANWORTH MORTGAGE ASSET CORP Manager plus ( ii ) $ 350,000 .
The insurer financial strength rating of Essent Guaranty , Inc , Essent Group Ltd. principal mortgage insurance subsidiary , is Baa2 with a stable outlook by Moody 's Investors Service ( " Moody 's " ) and BBB+ with a stable outlook by Standard Poor 's Rating Services ( " S P " ) .
The Securitized Assets do not include revenue generating assets of ( x ) the Iconix subsidiaries that own the Ecko Unltd trademarks , the Mark Ecko trademarks , the Umbro trademarks , the Lee Cooper trademarks , or the Strawberry Shortcake trademarks , ( y ) the Iconix subsidiaries that own assets relating to Iconix s other brands outside of the United States and Canada or ( z ) the joint ventures in which Iconix and certain of its subsidiaries have investments and which own the Artful Dodger trademarks , the Modern Amusement trademarks , the Buffalo trademarks , the Pony trademarks , the Nicholas Graham trademarks or the Hydraulic trademarks .
U.S. insurance companies on a separate company statutory basis , as well as for Essent Group Ltd. combined insurance operations .
Yonghua Kang Yonghua Kang , Director , Chief Executive Officer 12 | Page Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 , AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES - OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I , Yonghua Kang , certify that : 1 .
I , Paul M. Rady , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Antero Midstream Partners LP , certify that : .
The segment pre - tax operating earnings sensitivity disclosure above replaces the margin sensitivity that was included in PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL GROUP INC 2015 Form 10 - K. PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL GROUP INC previous disclosure reflected the potential impact of a reduction in market interest rates on PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL GROUP INC margin of investment income above PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL GROUP INC interest credited to PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL GROUP INC liabilities .
Previously Mr. Gray served in leadership positions at McLeod USA , MCI Communications Corp. and Telecom USA .
Because the Work Truck Solutions segment consists only of the assets of Dejana that were acquired on July 15 , 2016 , and the assets of Arrowhead that were acquired on May 1 , 2017 , all results from prior periods have been solely attributable to the Work Truck Attachments segment and DOUGLAS DYNAMICS , INC therefore continue to report DOUGLAS DYNAMICS , INC results of operations from such periods on a consolidated basis .
At May 31 , 2017 , SCHOLASTIC CORP had not provided U.S. income taxes on accumulated but undistributed earnings of its non - U.S. subsidiaries of approximately $ 63.2 to the extent that such earnings are expected to be indefinitely reinvested .
On June 1 , 2015 , GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC acquired certain assets of Certegy Check Services , Inc , a wholly owned subsidiary of Fidelity National Information Services , Inc. ( " FIS " ) .
As of March 31 , 2017 , Holdings owned the remaining 53.4 % of the economic interests in the Apollo Operating Group .
Certification of Christopher J. Constant , President and Chief Executive Officer , pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a ) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended .
Anthony L. Wilson President , Chief Executive Officer , and Director Age 51 Elected in 2015 .
Interim President and Noel Guillama MediXall Group , Inc. Chairman .
On August 1 , 2007 , Plata Resources , Inc. purchased the Bontoc Claim for $ 5,000 from Castillo Explorations LLC , an unrelated company incorporate in the Republic of the Philippines , whereby Plata Resources , Inc. obtained a 100 % interest in the Bontoc Claim .
As of April 1 , 2017 , HAEMONETICS CORP cash and cash equivalents consisted of investments in United States Government Agency and institutional money market funds .
HLBE has entered into a firm natural gas transportation agreement with its majority owned subsidiary , Agrinatural .
The Georgia Department of Revenue , or DOR , has conducted a sales and use tax audit of COPART INC operations in Georgia for the period from January 1 , 2007 through June 30 , 2011 .
Brazil Minerals , Inc. Board of Directors is currently composed of three members Marc Fogassa , Ambassador Roger Noriega and Ambassador Paul Durand .
In September 2017 , Entergy and Consumers Energy terminated the PPA amendment agreement , and Entergy announced the decision to continue to operate the plant through the end of the PPA .
INSTEEL INDUSTRIES INC expect that INSTEEL INDUSTRIES INC financial results will be favorably impacted by the realization of additional operating synergies associated with the ASW Acquisition and the related reconfiguration of INSTEEL INDUSTRIES INC PC strand operations as INSTEEL INDUSTRIES INC ramp up the new raw material and production lines at INSTEEL INDUSTRIES INC Houston plant .
David W. Williams President and Chief Executive Officer .
In late June 2012 , following the establishment of Cytosorbents Corp European subsidiary , CytoSorbents Europe GmbH , Cytosorbents Corp began the commercial launch of CytoSorb in Germany with the hiring of Dr. Christian Steiner as Vice President of Sales and Marketing and three additional sales representatives who joined us and completed their sales training in the third quarter of 2012 .
In 2013 , Mr. Klimley joined The Silverfern Group , which is focused on private equity co - investments , after a nearly 25 year career leading investment banking practices covering the energy and mining sectors .
I , Kok Seng Yeap , Director , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer and Secretary , certify that : .
For the purposes of Mr. White s retention agreement and the employment agreements of Messrs. Furr , Huffines and Salmans , cause means : ( i ) an intentional act of fraud , embezzlement or theft in connection with the executive s duties or in the course of his employment with Hilltop Holdings Inc. or its affiliates ; ( ii ) intentional wrongful damage to property of Hilltop Holdings Inc. or its affiliates ; ( iii ) intentional wrongful disclosure of trade secrets or confidential information of Hilltop Holdings Inc. or its affiliates ; ( iv ) intentional violation of any law , rule or regulation ( other than traffic violations or similar offenses ) or a final Cease and Desist Order ; ( v ) intentional breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit ; or ( vi ) intentional action or inaction that causes material economic harm to Hilltop Holdings Inc. or its affiliates .
Andrew Schlossberg , the Principal Executive Officer of the Managing Owner , and Steven Hill , the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , Investment Pools , of the Managing Owner , assessed the effectiveness of the Fund s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31 , 2015 .
FTI CONSULTING INC common stock trades on the NYSE under the symbol FCN .
The following table summarizes Immune Design Corp. results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 : .
As consideration for the FNF Commitment ( including the backstop commitment ) and the agreements of FNF under the FNF Commitment Letters and limited guaranty , CF Corp also entered into a fee letter agreement with FNF ( the FNF Fee Letter ) , dated May 24 , 2017 , pursuant to which CF Corp has agreed to pay to FNF the following fees at Closing : .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of PowerComm Holdings , Inc. ( the Company ) for the quarter ending June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , David Kwasnik , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of PowerComm Holdings Inc , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to his knowledge : .
Prior to joining Destination Maternity Corp , Mr. Romano served as an independent management consultant since March 2013 .
Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc. provide LTL service originating from points within approximately 150 miles of Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc. service centers to most destinations throughout the United States and into Mexico , Puerto Rico , and Canada .
In addition , American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III , Inc , HTI , the Advisor , the Property Manager and HTI 's property manager have the same executive officers , W. Todd Jensen and Katie P. Kurtz .
In November 2015 , Cytosorbents Corp entered into a sales agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. to offer shares of Cytosorbents Corp common stock from time to time through at - the - market offerings , pursuant to which Cytosorbents Corp offer and sell shares of Cytosorbents Corp common stock for an aggregate offering price of up to $ 25 million .
( 4 ) Mr. Cavanagh served as Carlyle Group L.P. Co - President and Co - Chief Operating Officer until his resignation in May 2015 .
Departure of Officer On October 27 , 2017 , Hercules Capital , Inc. and Mark Harris mutually agreed that Mr. Harris would separate from Hercules Capital , Inc. and end his tenure as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer effective November 2 , 2017 .
On December 18 , 2015 , a former individual customer filed a purported class action complaint against IB LLC , IBG , Inc , and Thomas Frank , PhD , Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. 's Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer , in the U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut .
Douglas J. Lanier , 66 , has served as a director of Swift Energy since May 2005 and currently serves as Lead Director at each executive session of the independent directors .
Effective immediately with the Share Distribution , both Joseph B. Armes and Kelly Tacke became employees of CSWI and Bowen Diehl , CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORP President and Chief Executive Officer , continued to be an employee of CAPITAL SOUTHWEST CORP Company .
In line with READING INTERNATIONAL INC standard translation policy , balance sheet items were translated into U.S. dollars based on the spot exchange rate as of March 31 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , while the impact on READING INTERNATIONAL INC statement of income was translated using the average exchange rate for the current quarter .
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors of Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. have audited the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities of Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. ( the Company ) as of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , including the schedule of investments as of December 31 , 2015 , and the related statements of operations and cash flows for the period from May 1 , 2015 ( commencement of operations ) through December 31 , 2015 , and statement of changes in net assets for the year ended December 31 , 2015 .
In addition , the 2015 effective tax rate was negatively impacted by the post - merger effect of the 2015 acquisitions , which contributed to the increase in IBERIABANK CORP 's state effective tax rate given the higher statutory tax rates in Florida and Georgia .
Accordingly , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . reversed the liability that had been recorded and recognized a gain of $ 3,840,000 which amount has been classified as Other income in POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31 , 2014 .
CUSA also holds CHEVRON CORP s investment in the Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC joint venture , which is accounted for using the equity method .
Mr. Freeman served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of Flowserve Corporation from 2009 to 2011 and as Vice President , Finance and Chief Financial Officer of the Flowserve Pump Division from 2006 to 2009 .
In addition to these business ventures , Mr. Hall served as President from May 1999 to May 2000 of TimeMarker , Inc , a company that helped other businesses leverage the Internet to sell their time - perishable inventory using a proprietary wireless exchange platform .
The increase was primarily due to the recognition of income tax expense on CALLAWAY GOLF CO s U.S. operations during the first quarter of 2017 as a result of the reversal of a significant portion of the valuation allowance on CALLAWAY GOLF CO 's deferred tax assets in the U.S in the fourth quarter of 2016 .
GHI formerly operated six branch locations in the Ft . Lauderdale , Florida area .
Numerous statements made by President Trump and members of the U.S. Congress indicate that it is likely that legislation will be passed by Congress and signed into law by President Trump that repeals the PPACA , in whole or in part , and/or introduces a new form of health care reform .
The complaint seeks a reduction in the return on equity component of the Unit Power Sales Agreement pursuant to which System Energy sells its Grand Gulf capacity and energy to Entergy Arkansas , Entergy Louisiana , Entergy Mississippi , and Entergy New Orleans .
A hypothetical 10 % change in the value of the U.S. dollar in relation to the Euro and British pound would have had an impact of approximately $ 195,286 on Castle Brands Inc loss from operations for the three months ended December 31 , 2015 .
RADIAN GROUP INC provide RADIAN GROUP INC mortgage insurance products mainly through RADIAN GROUP INC wholly - owned subsidiary , Radian Guaranty .
His roles at Newmont included Vice President Risk Management , Vice President / General Manager Carlin Operations , Vice President / General Manager Minera Yanacocha .
Granite Falls Energy , LLC management , including Granite Falls Energy , LLC Chief Executive Officer and General Manager ( the principal executive officer ) , Steve Christensen , along with Granite Falls Energy , LLC Chief Financial Officer ( the principal financial officer ) , Stacie Schuler , have reviewed and evaluated the effectiveness of Granite Falls Energy , LLC disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31 , 2015 .
Jerry E. Sheridan is President and Chief Executive Officer of AmeriGas Propane , Inc , the general partner of AmeriGas Partners , L.P. Mr. Sheridan has an oral compensation arrangement with AmeriGas Propane , Inc. which includes the following : Mr. Sheridan : .
The strengthening of the U.S. dollar increases the real cost of Palo Alto Networks Inc platform to Palo Alto Networks Inc end - customers outside of the United States and may lead to delays in the purchase of Palo Alto Networks Inc products , subscriptions , and support , and the lengthening of Palo Alto Networks Inc sales cycle .
( e ) All warrants to purchase shares of Orbital Tracking Corp. s Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective date changed and converted into equivalent warrants to purchase 1/150th of a share of Great West Common Stock at 150 times the exercise price of such converted warrants ; and .
Since SUNWIN STEVIA INTERNATIONAL , INC . do not have the authorization to export products from China , SUNWIN STEVIA INTERNATIONAL , INC . used to outsource all of SUNWIN STEVIA INTERNATIONAL , INC . exporting business to a related party , Qufu Shengwang Import and Export , which has authorizations to export .
Dr. Vanderveen is currently Professor of Pharmaceutical Policy and Economics , Senior Adviser to the Leonard D. Schaeffer Center of Health Policy and Economics , Director of the Margaret and John Biles Center for Leadership , and Senior Adviser to the Dean for Advancement at the School of Pharmacy , University of Southern California in Los Angeles , California .
Basis of Presentation The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Eiger BioPharmaceuticals , Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries , EBPI Merger Inc , EB Pharma LLC and Eiger BioPharmaceuticals Europe Limited , and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America , ( U.S. GAAP ) and following the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the SEC ) for interim reporting .
As discussed in Item 4.02 of PERRIGO Co plc Form 8 - K filed on April 25 , 2017 , during the 2016 year - end close process , and in anticipation of PERRIGO Co plc potential sale of the Tysabri royalty rights and the 2018 adoption of ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers , PERRIGO Co plc re - evaluated the historical classification of the Tysabri royalty stream as an intangible asset and concluded that it should have been reflected in the financial statements as a financial asset as of its 2013 acquisition date .
Pursuant to the Employment Agreement dated August 1 , 2015 , Mr. Redmond resigned from the Board of PARALLAX HEALTH SCIENCES , INC . and its wholly - owned subsidiary , RoxSan Pharmacy , Inc. Effective July 7 , 2017 , pursuant to a unanimous Board resolution , Mr. Paul Arena was appointed as PARALLAX HEALTH SCIENCES , INC . s President and Chief Executive Officer , and the Board caused Mr. Arena 's election to PARALLAX HEALTH SCIENCES , INC . 's Board and the Board of its wholly - owned subsidiary , RoxSan Pharmacy , Inc. Table of Contents .
The members of the conflicts committee may not be officers or employees of Antero Midstream Partners LP general partner or directors , officers or employees of its affiliates , including Antero Investment and Antero , and must meet the independence standards established by the NYSE and the Exchange Act to serve on an audit committee of a board of directors , along with other requirements in Antero Midstream Partners LP partnership agreement .
Kevin S. Kim _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Kevin S. Kim President and Chief Executive Officer .
Stephen Brady Stephen Brady Executive Vice President , Strategy and Finance ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
In May 2014 , Mr. MacLellan join the Board as an independent director of Jameson Stanford Resources Corporation ( OTCBB : JMSN ) an early stage mining company .
POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . power systems are subject to compliance with all current regulatory standards imposed by the EPA , state regulatory agencies in the United States , including CARB , and other regulatory agencies around the world .
Periodically , LG E and KU enter into forward - starting interest rate swaps with PPL that have terms identical to forward - starting swaps entered into by PPL with third parties .
For CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS INC fiscal 2016 results of operations and CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS INC financial position as of December 31 , 2016 , see Part IV , Item 15 , Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules .
On February 19 , 2016 KinerjaPay Corp. issued 1,333,333 shares of KinerjaPay Corp. common stock to Mr. Ng ( an officer and director of the company ) individually and as control person of PT Kinerja as payment for services as part of a service agreement resulting from the license agreement .
Lumos Networks Corp. common stock has been traded on t he NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol LMOS since November 1 , 2011 .
Ms. Cannon is President of Cannon Company CPAs PLC , a privately held consulting firm , and also currently serves as a director of Northern Michigan Angels , LLC , an angel investment group .
On July 22 , 2017 , Immudyne , Inc. appointed Justin Schreiber , President of Immudyne PR , and Stefan Gallupi , Chief Executive Officer of Immudyne , PR , directors of the Company .
In order to market and sell Loxo Oncology , Inc. products in the European Union and many other jurisdictions , Loxo Oncology , Inc. or Loxo Oncology , Inc. third - party collaborators must obtain separate marketing approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements .
Simultaneously , TG THERAPEUTICS , INC . entered into a Strategic Advisory Agreement ( the Advisory Agreement ) with Caribe BioAdvisors , LLC ( the Advisor ) owned by Mr. Weiss to provide the services of Mr. Weiss as Chairman of the Board and as Executive Chairman .
As a result of the global financial crisis and highly publicized financial scandals , investors have exhibited concerns over the integrity of the U.S. financial markets and the domestic regulatory environment in which Carlyle Group L.P. operate in the United States .
Exhibit 32.3 I , Glenn L. Kellow , President and Chief Executive Officer of Peabody Energy Corporation , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 ) the Annual Report on Form 10 - K ( Amendment No . 2 ) for the annual period ended December 31 , 2016 ( the Periodic Report ) which this statement accompanies fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ; and ( 2 ) information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of Peabody Energy Corporation .
XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP and its wholly - owned subsidiary entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Square 1 ( the Square 1 Credit Agreement ) pursuant to which Square 1 agreed to provide revolving loans of up to an aggregate principal amount of $ 15 million to XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP s subsidiary .
Fiscal 2017 : For the fiscal year ended September 30 , 2017 , EMCORE CORP investing activities used $ 9.1 million of cash primarily for capital related expenditures of $ 9.6 million , partially offset by the receipt of proceeds from the disposal of equipment of $ 0.5 million .
ETP Quarterly Distributions of Available Cash Following the Sunoco Logistics Merger , cash distributions are declared and paid in accordance with the ETP s limited partnership agreement , which was Sunoco Logistics limited partnership agreement prior to the Sunoco Logistics Merger .
Significant Accounting Policies Related Party Transactions : Ascent Solar Technologies , Inc. 's largest shareholder is Tertius Financial Group Pte Ltd of which Mr. Victor Lee , President and Chief Executive Officer of Ascent Solar Technologies , Inc , is Managing Director and 50 % shareholder .
Chairman and Director This annual report has also been signed below by Craig L. Adams , Attorney - in - Fact , on behalf of the following Directors on the date indicated : .
Information included in K2 M GROUP HOLDINGS , INC . definitive proxy statement for K2 M GROUP HOLDINGS , INC . 2017 annual meeting of stockholders scheduled to be held on June 6 , 2017 is incorporated by reference in Items 10 , 11 , 12 , 13 and 14 of Part III of this report .
Using this definition of independent director , one of Progreen US , Inc. directors , Michael Hylander , would be viewed as independent .
Net Element , Inc. s total revenue was $ 40,235,362 and $ 21,234,704 for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 respectively .
Jefferies Group LLC largest subsidiary , Jefferies LLC ( Jefferies ) , was founded in the U.S. in 1962 and Jefferies Group LLC first international operating subsidiary , Jefferies International Limited ( Jefferies Europe ) , was established in the U.K. in 1986 .
ELECTRONIC ARTS INC . have significantly increased ELECTRONIC ARTS INC . digital net revenue from $ 2.199 billion in fiscal year 2015 to $ 2.409 billion in fiscal year 2016 and $ 2.874 billion during fiscal year 2017 .
WASTE MANAGEMENT INC 2015 results were affected by the following : .
RingCentral Inc operating expenses are denominated in the currencies of the countries in which RingCentral Inc operations are located , which are primarily in the U.S , Canada , the Philippines , Russia , Ukraine , the U.K , Switzerland , the Netherlands , China , Ireland , Singapore , Australia , Italy , Japan , Spain , Brazil , and Hong Kong .
Prior to the completion of Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. IPO on May 13 , 2013 , Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. made no provision for U.S. federal , state or local income taxes because the profits and losses of Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. Predecessor flowed through to its respective partners , members and shareholders who were individually responsible for reporting such amounts .
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk In accordance with ASC Topic No . 830 , Foreign Currency Matters , or ASC 830 , all assets and liabilities of Monotype Imaging Holdings Inc. foreign subsidiaries whose functional currency is a currency other than U.S. dollars are translated into U.S. dollars at an exchange rate as of the balance sheet date .
From January 2014 to August 2015 , Mr. Rottino served as Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of LinnCo and Executive Vice President , Business Development and Chief Accounting Officer of LINN Energy .
Under current Bermuda law , the parent company , Essent Group , and its Bermuda subsidiary , Essent Re , are not required to pay any taxes on income and capital gains .
Discontinued Operations The carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities of APRICUS BIOSCIENCES , INC . s discontinued operations as of March 31 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 are as follows ( in thousands ): .
The following table sets forth certain information about GENERAL COMMUNICATION INC directors and executive officers as of December 31 , 2016 : Name Age Position Stephen M. Brett 1 Chairman , Director Ronald A. Duncan 1 President , Chief Executive Officer and Director Peter J. Pounds Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , and Secretary G. Wilson Hughes Chief Executive Officer , The Alaska Wireless Network William C. Behnke Senior Vice President Martin E. Cary Senior Vice President and General Manager , GCI Business Gregory F. Chapados Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Paul E. Landes Senior Vice President and General Manager , Consumer Services Tina M. Pidgeon Senior Vice President , Chief Compliance Officer , General Counsel and Government Affairs Bridget L. Baker 1 Director Jerry A. Edgerton 1 Director Scott M. Fisher 1 Director William P. Glasgow 1 Director Mark W. Kroloff 1 Director Stephen R. Mooney 1 Director James M. Schneider 1 Director Eric L. Zinterhofer 1 Director 1
Brendan Mackay Name : Brendan Mackay Title : Vice President and Director .
If IMPINJ INC , IMPINJ INC intermediaries or IMPINJ INC solution providers , SIs , OEMs , VARs , distributors , tag manufacturers , and other channel partners fail to comply with FCPA requirements or similar legislation , government authorities in the United States and elsewhere could seek to impose civil or criminal fines and penalties which could have a material adverse effect on IMPINJ INC business , operating results and financial conditions .
In addition , on April 1 , 2014 , Generation , EDF , CENG and Nine Mile Point Nuclear Station , LLC entered into an Employee Matters Agreement ( EMA ) that provides for the transfer of CENG employees to Exelon or one of its affiliates and Exelon s assumption of the sponsorship of the employee benefit plans ( including certain incentive , health and welfare , and postemployment benefit plans , among others ) and their related trusts by Exelon as the plan sponsor as of July 14 , 2014 .
As of December 31 , 2015 , in Ohio , Antero Midstream Partners LP owned and operated 49 miles of buried fresh water pipelines and 26 miles of surface fresh water pipelines that service Antero s. Table of Contents .
As of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . revenues have not exceeded the level of MG to cause additional costs to be incurred .
I , Himanshu Patel , Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer ( principal financial officer ) of First Data Corporation , certify that : .
IMTT operates ten wholly - owned bulk liquid terminal facilities in the United States and has partial ownership in two companies that each own bulk liquid terminal facilities in Canada .
Significant quarterly fluctuations in AxoGen s results of operations may be caused by , among other factors , its volume of revenues , seasonal changes in nerve repair activity , timing of sales force expansion and general economic conditions .
Mr. Harris joined United Parcel Service in 1975 and at the time of his retirement in 2000 , he held the position of Vice President of Corporate Compliance .
In connection with the January 2015 Offering , on January 8 , 2015 , Cytosorbents Corp entered into underwriting agreements with Brean Capital , LLC and H.C. Wainwright Co , LLC , ( the Representatives ) , who acted as book - running managers and as representatives of the underwriters in the January 2015 Offering .
As discussed further in Note 3 to the condensed consolidated financial statements , VAALCO ENERGY INC /DE/ have discontinued operations associated with VAALCO ENERGY INC /DE/ activities in Angola , West Africa , and in April 2017 VAALCO ENERGY INC /DE/ completed the sale of VAALCO ENERGY INC /DE/ interests in Montana .
Andrew S. Marsh Andrew S. Marsh Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of System Energy Resources , Inc.
In February 2017 , ALEXION PHARMACEUTICALS INC Board of Directors increased the authorization to acquire shares with an aggregate value of up to $ 1,000 for future purchases under the repurchase program , which superseded all prior repurchase programs .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT may incur significant costs in order to treat the contaminated source through expansion of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT current treatment facilities , or development of new treatment methods .
ADDENTAX GROUP CORP . business office is located at 70 , Av Allan Ben Abdellah , Fes , Morocco 30000 .
As of June 30 , 2016 and December 31 , 2015 , WORLD HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS , INC . had $ 0 and $ 7,027 , respectively , included in Due to affiliates in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets that is due to a stockholder and consultant of WORLD HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS , INC . for amounts paid to certain vendors for services rendered .
Mr. Liddell has served as a board member of the Virginia Bankers Association 's Member Services , Inc , Junior Achievement of the National Capital Area , Business in Education Partnership with the Falls Church City Public Schools , Arlington County Chamber of Commerce , Celebrate Fairfax , and Leadership Fairfax .
Our eWellness Corporate Office is located in Culver City , California . eWELLNESS
In addition to NUVASIVE INC shareowners , NUVASIVE INC partner with exclusive independent sales agencies and independent distributors who sell NUVASIVE INC products in the United States and internationally .
Gurley , Alabama Owned Metallurgical Powders Infrastructure Huntsville , Alabama Owned Metallurgical Powders Infrastructure Madison , Alabama Owned Tungsten Heavy Alloy Infrastructure Rogers , Arkansas Owned / Leased Carbide Products , Pelletizing Die Plates and Downhole Drilling Carbide Components Infrastructure Rockford , Illinois Owned Indexable Tooling Industrial Goshen , Indiana Leased Powders ; Welding Rods , Wires and Machines Infrastructure New Albany , Indiana Leased High Wear Coating for Steel Parts Infrastructure Greenfield , Massachusetts Owned High - Speed Steel Taps Widia Traverse City , Michigan Owned Wear Parts Infrastructure Fallon , Nevada Owned Metallurgical Powders Infrastructure Asheboro , North Carolina Owned Carbide Round Tools Industrial Henderson , North Carolina Owned Metallurgical Powders Infrastructure Roanoke Rapids , North Carolina Owned Metalworking Inserts Industrial Cleveland , Ohio Leased Distribution Industrial Orwell , Ohio Owned Metalworking Inserts Industrial Solon , Ohio Owned Metalworking Toolholders Industrial Whitehouse , Ohio Owned Metalworking Inserts and Round Tools Industrial Bedford , Pennsylvania Owned / Leased Mining and Construction Tools , Wear Parts and Distribution Infrastructure Irwin , Pennsylvania Owned Carbide Wear Parts Infrastructure New Castle , Pennsylvania Owned / Leased Specialty Metals and Alloys Infrastructure Johnson City , Tennessee Owned Metalworking Inserts Industrial La Vergne , Tennessee Owned Metalworking Inserts Industrial New Market , Virginia Owned Metalworking Toolholders Industrial International : .
( 4 ) Prior to June 6 , 2012 , Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. reported Holdings ' interests in IBG LLC as redeemable noncontrolling interests , at redemption value and separate from equity .
Fort Worth , Texas AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC have examined management s assertion , included in the accompanying Management s Report on Assessment of Compliance with SEC Regulation AB Servicing Criteria , that AmeriCredit Financial Services Inc. ( the Company ) complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d ) of the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB for publicly issued auto loan asset - backed securities transactions issued from September 20 , 2011 to December 31 , 2015 for which AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC acted as servicer involving auto loans ( the Platform ) as of and for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , excluding criteria 1122(d)(1)(iv ) , 1122(d)(2)(iii ) , 1122(d)(2)(vi ) , 1122 ( d)(4)(ix ) , 1122(d)(4)(x ) , 1122(d)(4)(xi ) , 1122(d)(4)(xii ) , and 1122(d)(4)(xiii ) which management has determined are not applicable to the activities performed by AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC with respect to the Platform .
Many of the leases contain a provision whereby either BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC or the landlord may terminate the lease after a certain time , typically in the third or fourth year and sixth or seventh year of the lease , if a certain minimum sales volume is not achieved .
Audit Committee Andrew A. Cameron , Nicholas J. Caruso , and Jerry W. Pinkerton serve as the members of the Audit Committee .
Michael V. Shustek . Chief Executive Officer and President .
Further , if these shareholders act together with another shareholder , Ginola Limited , which has common directors with Mount Union Corp , Chelsea Trust Company and Crestflower Corporation , as of January 31 , 2016 , they would collectively have represented approximately 46 % of EMAGIN CORP outstanding voting stock .
Under the agreement , Mr. Dahl serves as CEO for one year terms , subject to automatic renewal , unless either party terminates the Agreement on sixty days notice prior to the expiration of the term of the agreement .
On May 15 , 2015 , EQGP completed an initial public offering ( IPO ) of 26,450,000 common units representing limited partner interests in EQGP , which represented 9.9 % of EQGP 's outstanding limited partner interests .
As of December 31 , 2015 , Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. have 16,485,000 shares of Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. common stock outstanding .
As of December 31 , 2016 , J John Combs III , President , CEO and Director of SEER and Michael J. Cardillo , Founder and President of Strategic Environmental & Energy Resources , Inc. REGS subsidiary , and Fortunato Villamagna , president of Strategic Environmental & Energy Resources , Inc.
SunOpta Inc. internal control framework and processes are designed to provide reasonable assurance to management and SunOpta Inc. board of directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of SunOpta Inc. Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
Mr. Low , Image International Group , Inc. s Chief Financial Officer and a Director works as a Chief Financial Officer for other companies .
Mohegan Sun currently operates in an approximately 5.0 million square - foot facility , which includes the following : Casino of the Earth As of December 31 , 2016 , Casino of the Earth offered : .
BlastGard International , Inc. ( the Company ) was incorporated on September 26 , 2003 as BlastGard Technologies , Inc. ( BTI ) in the State of Florida , to design and market proprietary blast mitigation materials .
In April 2015 , Sempra Natural Gas invested $ 113 million in Rockies Express to repay project debt that matured in early 2015 .
Further , the Board has determined that Deanna L. Cannon , Audit Committee Chair , and Messrs. William A. Bruckmann III and Clyde W. Smith , Jr , also members of the Audit Committee , are each an audit committee financial expert , as such term is defined in Item 407(d ) of Regulation S - K promulgated by the SEC .
Mr. Palethorpe owned 3,500,002 shares of Company common stock representing approximately 9.0 % of NEW MEDIA INSIGHT GROUP , INC . s outstanding common stock .
Engle and Engle Progeny Cases In July 1998 , trial began in Engle v. R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Co , a then - certified class action filed in Circuit Court , Miami - Dade County , Florida , against U.S. cigarette manufacturers , including RJR Tobacco , B W , Lorillard Tobacco , Philip Morris USA Inc , and others .
CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . common stock is currently listed on the NYSE .
Steven A. Sugarman , the then- ( now former ) Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer of BANC OF CALIFORNIA , INC . and the Bank , is the Chief Executive Officer , as well as a controlling equity owner , of both COR Clearing and CORSHI .
There can be no assurance that Cytosorbents Corp will ever obtain the necessary additional approvals to sell Cytosorbents Corp products in the United States or other non EU countries .
Atlas ' ordinary voting common shares became listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange on February 11 , 2013 , under the same symbol , " AFH . "
Before joining Glenborough Corporation in 1989 , Ms. Garnick was Controller at August Financial Corporation , a real estate investment and management company and a Senior Accountant at Deloitte , Haskins Sells , an accounting firm .
In the first three months of 2017 , NORTHERN OIL & GAS , INC . settled derivative swap contracts of 0.6 million barrels of oil at an average price of $ 51.74 and costless collars hedging 0.1 million barrels of oil at an average floor price of $ 50.00 and an average ceiling price of $ 60.06 , which combined represented approximately 70 % of NORTHERN OIL & GAS , INC . oil production .
Ominto , Inc. conducts business globally and , as a result , one or more of Ominto , Inc. subsidiaries file income tax returns in U.S. federal and state , and foreign jurisdictions .
Mr. Vande Vrede s experience as President of Naturally Beautiful Plant Products LLC led to Terra Tech Corp. conclusion that Mr. Vande Vrede should serve as a member of Terra Tech Corp. Board in light of Terra Tech Corp. business and structure .
/s/ Richard Baalmann , Jr. Director February 28 , 2017 .
YOU On Demand Holdings , Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 19 , 2004 .
FIRST SOLAR , INC . are subject to income taxes in both the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions in which FIRST SOLAR , INC . operate , principally Australia , India , and Malaysia .
Anthony E. Malkin Anthony E. Malkin Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
Name : Nick Nguyen Position : Chief Operating Officer , Chief Financial Officer Duly Authorized and Principal Financial Officer .
This increase was primarily due to a $ 0.5 million increase in professional services in BANK OF HAWAII CORP mortgage division and a $ 0.4 million increase in legal fees .
Mark A. Scharmann Mark A. Scharmann President , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer . bioe-20161231.xml .
Nabriva Therapeutics AG may abandon Nabriva Therapeutics AG redomiciliation plan at any time and there can be no assurance that Nabriva Therapeutics AG will redomicile from Austria to Ireland during 2017 , or at all .
During the period from May 20 , 2008 to September 30 , 2008 , the ESOP purchased 241,178 shares of the common stock for approximately $ 2.6 million , an average price of $ 10.86 per share , which was funded by a loan from Malvern Federal Bancorp , Inc. ( the Company s predecessor ) .
The Credit Agreement provides for ( i ) the Closing Date Term Loans , ( ii ) until March 31 , 2018 , an additional $ 10.0 million term loan facility subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions , including FDA certification of the manufacturing facility operated by Vesta and ( iii ) an additional $ 5.0 million term loan facility subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions , including evidence that Sientra s Net Revenue ( as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement ) for the past 12 months was greater than or equal to $ 75.0 million , or collectively , the Term Loans .
On February 7 , 2013 , Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. terminated the Offering and ceased offering its securities .
QPAGOS provides an integrated network of kiosks , terminals and payment channels that enable consumers in Mexico to deposit cash , convert it into a digital form and remit the funds to any merchant in QPAGOS network quickly and securely .
A summary of Taylor Morrison Home Corp homebuilding activity by homebuilding reporting segment as of and for the year ended December 31 , 2015 is as follows : .
JOHN R. CHIMINSKI John R. Chiminski President and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
On September 3 , 2013 , EASTMAN KODAK CO entered into ( i ) a Senior Secured First Lien Term Credit Agreement ( the First Lien Term Credit Agreement ) with the lenders party thereto ( the First Lien Lenders ) , JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A. as administrative agent , and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC , Barclays Bank PLC , and Merrill Lynch , Pierce , Fenner Smith Inc. as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners , and ( ii ) a Senior Secured Second Lien Term Credit Agreement ( the Second Lien Term Credit Agreement , and together with the First Lien Term Credit Agreement , the Term Credit Agreements ) , with the lenders party thereto ( the Second Lien Lenders , and together with the First Lien Lenders , the Term Credit Lenders ) , Barclays Bank PLC as administrative agent , and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC , Barclays Bank PLC and Merrill Lynch , Pierce , Fenner Smith Inc. as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners .
A change in control situation often undermines an executive officer s job security , and it is to GCP Applied Technologies Inc. benefit and GCP Applied Technologies Inc. shareholders benefit to encourage GCP Applied Technologies Inc. executive officers to seek out beneficial transactions and to remain employed through the closing of any transaction , even though their future employment at Grace may be uncertain .
The note was secured by the foreign accounts receivable and export inventory of OAKRIDGE HOLDINGS INC s wholly - owned subsidiary , Stinar HG , Inc , continuing commercial guarantees from OAKRIDGE HOLDINGS INC , the Chief Executive Officer and VP of Marketing and Sales and the assignment of a life insurance policy on the Chief Executive Officer .
HELEN OF TROY LTD incorporated as Helen of Troy Corporation in Texas in 1968 and were reorganized as Helen of Troy Limited in Bermuda in 1994 .
Under the terms of GRAHAM ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND II LLC Agreement , GAIF II is managed by the Manager .
A higher mix of earnings from MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC foreign operations , primarily in Ireland , which are taxed at lower rates than MERIT MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC U.S. operations and a discrete tax benefit related .
Franchisee relationships Former Governor Craig Benson , a former member of the board of managers of Pla - Fit Holdings , is also a Planet Fitness franchisee .
From May 2006 through January 2009 , Mr. Song also served as the executive vice president of business development and a director of the board of ChinaGrowth South Acquisition Corporation , a special purpose acquisition company , which acquired Olympia Media Holdings Ltd. in January 2009 , the largest privately owned newspaper aggregator and operator in China .
In 2016 REALNETWORKS INC consolidated revenue declined by $ 4.8 million compared with 2015 , due to a $ 5.6 million decrease in Games revenue , of which $ 4.9 million is related to the Slingo and social casino business that was sold in August of 2015 , and a decrease of $ 3.6 million in Consumer Media revenue .
ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. management fee income has decreased from $ 8.8 million for the year ended December 31 , 2014 , to $ 7.9 million for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , due primarily to a decrease in the incentive fee income at ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. UK operations .
ADOBE SYSTEMS INC customers include government entities , including the U.S. federal government , and if spending cuts impede the government s ability to purchase ADOBE SYSTEMS INC products and services , ADOBE SYSTEMS INC revenue could decline .
As of March 31 , 2017 , REMEDENT , INC . increased REMEDENT , INC . reserve for doubtful accounts from $ 85,935 for the year ended March 31 , 2016 to $ 164,321 for the year ended March 31 , 2017 , an increase of $ 78,386 .
The following table sets forth information regarding Blackstone Group L.P. consolidated results of operations and certain key operating metrics for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 : .
The agricultural industry and the infrastructure maintenance industry are seasonal and are affected by the weather , and seasonal fluctuations may cause ALAMO GROUP INC results of operations and working capital to fluctuate from quarter to quarter .
Diane s 2015 total compensation received from Google in connection with her employment is set forth in Director Compensation for 2015 on page 24 .
From October 1989 through April 1994 , Mr. Martin served as Executive Director and Head of Global Operations for Morgan Stanley Trust Company , a financial services firm .
MARCUS CORP Results May be Seasonal , Resulting in Unpredictable and Varied Quarterly Results .
Executive Search net revenue was $ 134.5 million for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 , an increase of $ 3.8 million compared to the three months ended June 30 , 2016 .
For 2017 , the EPA set the minimum annual consumption volume at 2.00 billion gallons and has set 2.10 billion gallons as the minimum annual consumption volume target for 2018 .
IMMUNOMEDICS INC have filed numerous patent applications on the technologies and processes that IMMUNOMEDICS INC use in the U.S. and certain foreign countries .
In addition to the SSF VIE Agreements , Seven Stars Cloud Group , Inc. s subsidiary and the parent company of YOD WFOE , YOU On Demand ( Asia ) Limited , a company incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong ( YOD Hong Kong ) entered into a Management Services Agreement with SSF , dated as of April 6 , 2016 ( the Management Services Agreement ) .
Mr. Dillon joined Adobe in August 2012 as Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary .
( 9 ) As previously announced by SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC on March 15 , 2016 , Mr. de C rdenas employment will terminate on March 31 , 2016 .
In addition , while the specifics of the bankruptcy laws of international jurisdictions may differ from the U.S. bankruptcy laws described herein , the bankruptcy or insolvency of a significant tenant or a number of smaller tenants at any of the international properties Hines Global REIT , Inc. may acquire , may similarly adversely impact Hines Global REIT , Inc. operations and Hines Global REIT , Inc. ability to pay distributions .
Flex Pharma , Inc. are highly dependent on Christoph Westphal , Flex Pharma , Inc. President , Chief Executive Officer and Chair , Thomas Wessel , Flex Pharma , Inc. Chief Medical Officer , and Katharine Lindemann , Flex Pharma , Inc. Chief Operating Officer .
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of the management of the Managing Owner , including Daniel Draper , its Principal Executive Officer , and Steven Hill , its Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , Investment Pools , the Fund carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures ( as defined in Rule 13a-15(e ) or 15d-15(e ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ( the Exchange Act ) ) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report , and , based upon that evaluation , Daniel Draper , the Principal Executive Officer of the Managing Owner , and Steven Hill , the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , Investment Pools , of the Managing Owner , concluded that the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information the Fund is required to disclose in the reports that it files or submits with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the SEC ) under the Exchange Act is recorded , processed , summarized and reported , within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms , and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Fund in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management of the Managing Owner , including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer , as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure .
From March 2001 to September 2006 , Alan served as Executive Vice President of the Boeing Company and President and Chief Executive Officer of Boeing Commercial Airplanes , Inc.
Upon commercialization of bluebird bio , Inc. products covered by the in - licensed intellectual property , bluebird bio , Inc. will be obligated to pay NIH a percentage of net sales as a royalty in the low single digits .
As part of the settlement that was signed by all Colstrip owners , PSE agreed , along with Talen Energy ( the owner of the other 50 % interest in Colstrip Units 1 and 2 ) , to retire the two oldest units ( Units 1 and 2 ) at Colstrip in eastern Montana by no later than July 1 , 2022 .
IMMUNOMEDICS INC believe that the listing of IMMUNOMEDICS INC stock on a recognized national trading market , such as NASDAQ , is an important part of IMMUNOMEDICS INC business and strategy .
Financing activities provided the cash by receipt of $ 632,000 for notes payable from related parties , of which $ 210,000 was from Helpful Alliance Co s founder , Dr. Temnikov , $ 132,000 from Helpful Alliance Co s founder , Mr. Gurin , $ 10,000 from affiliated company , FVZ LLC , and $ 280,000 from affiliated company , Gurin Group LLC , of which $ 200,000 was repaid to Gurin Group LLC by the Company by assignment of notes receivable due to Helpful Alliance Co with aggregate principal amount of $ 200,000 in non - cash transaction as well as they provided $ 18,000 by receipt of a note in amount of $ 18,000 from unrelated party , and $ 500,000 from investment to Helpful Alliance Co subsidiary , Seasons Creek Development LLC , for 33 % ownership structured in the form of 10 units of Class - B Preferred Share LLC Membership Interests , all of which was partially offset by repayment of $ 400,000 for note payable with original principal amount of $ 1,000,000 which was due by June 30 , 2016 , repayment of $ 18,000 note and repurchase of Series - X common stock in amount of $ 90,000 during the years ended December 31 , 2016 .
MediXall Group , Inc. has one wholly - owned subsidiary , IHL of Florida , Inc. ( a Florida corporation ) .
During the years ended December 31 , 2015 , December 31 , 2014 , and December 31 , 2013 , LinnCo , LLC paid approximately $ 121 million , $ 373 million and $ 101 million , respectively , in distributions to LinnCo attributable to LinnCo s interest in LINN Energy .
In addition , from November 10 , 2010 through March 31 , 2011 , Mr. Shore served as InspireMD Ltd. s vice president of business development .
INTERCEPT PHARMACEUTICALS INC have agreed to similar requirements with the EMA as part of the conditional approval of Ocaliva in PBC in Europe .
Reaffirmation Agreement , dated as of February 21 , 2013 , made by Revlon , Inc , Products Corporation and certain of its domestic subsidiaries and acknowledged by CUSA , as collateral agent for the secured parties ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Products Corporation for the fiscal quarter ended March 31 , 2013 filed with the SEC on April 25 , 2013 ( the Products Corporation Q1 2013
Business Organization and Corporate History Zendex Holdings , Inc. ( the Company or Zendex ) was incorporated in Nevada in May 1985 and its initial business endeavors were not successful .
International Swaps and Derivatives Association , Inc. 2002 Master Agreement dated as of January 4 , 2016 by and between Citibank , N.A. and Mack - Cali Realty , L.P. ( filed as Exhibit 10.3 to MACK CALI REALTY L P s Current Report on Form 8 - K dated January 6 , 2016 and incorporated herein by reference ) .
On July 7 , 2015 , Planet Fitness , Inc. received a letter from counsel to Michael Grondahl , a founder and former CEO of Planet Fitness , Inc , expressing Mr. Grondahl s view that the non - competition agreement Mr. Grondahl signed in connection with the acquisition of Pla - Fit Holdings Units from Mr. Grondahl and others by investment funds affiliated with TSG in 2012 may not be enforceable .
The U.S. and various foreign governments have imposed controls , license requirements and restrictions on the import or export of some technologies , especially encryption technology , that apply to Gigamon Inc. products .
Adam M. Aron . Chief Executive Officer , Director and President .
Previously , Mr. Ellis was Global Director of Financial Planning and Analysis , and Treasurer since May 2007 .
Based on that assessment , DENBURY RESOURCES INC Chief Executive Officer and DENBURY RESOURCES INC Chief Financial Officer concluded that DENBURY RESOURCES INC internal control over financial reporting was effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of DENBURY RESOURCES INC financial reporting and the preparation of DENBURY RESOURCES INC financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles .
Insufficient supplies or an interruption in CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT water supply could have a material adverse effect on CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT financial condition and results of operations .
Mr. Berman has served ( i ) since 2003 as co - founder and a director of Aetherworks II , a medical device incubator , ( ii ) since 2004 as a co - founder and director of Benechill , Inc , a company developing a therapeutic hypothermia system for the treatment of cardiac arrest , ( iii ) since 2011 as an advisor to , and since 2012 as a director of , Cardiosonic , Inc , a company developing a system for hypertension reduction via renal denervation , ( iv ) since 2005 as a director of PharmaCentra , LLC , which creates customizable marketing programs that help pharmaceutical companies communicate with physicians and patients , ( v ) since 2011 as a co - founder and director of Rebiotix Inc , a company developing an innovative treatment for C Diff colitis , ( vi ) since 2011 as a director of AngioSlide Ltd , a medical device company that has developed an embolic capture angioplasty device , ( vii ) since 2011 as a director of InterValve , Inc , a medical device company developing an aortic valvuloplasty balloon for treatment of calcific aortic stenosis , ( viii ) since 2013 as a Director of ClearCut Inc , a medical device company that has developed an MRI system for tumor margin assessment , ( ix ) since 2013 as a director of PulmOne Ltd , a medical device company developing an innovative Pulmonary Function Testing system , ( x ) since 2014 as a director of Mazor Robotics , Inc , a publicly held company that has developed and markets an innovative system for robotic surgery , ( xi ) since 2014 as a director of SoniVie , a medical device company and ( xii ) since 2014 as a venture partner at RiverVest Ventures .
The following table summarizes Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. results of operations for each of the three years ended December 31 , 2015 : .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of USA Compression Partners , LP ( the Partnership ) for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Matthew C. Liuzzi , as Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of USA Compression GP , LLC , the general partner of the Partnership , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to his knowledge : .
Immune Design Corp. operations are headquartered in Seattle , Washington and Immune Design Corp. have an additional facility in South San Francisco , California .
Donald R. Knauss James A. Beer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
Invitae Corp are also required to maintain a license to conduct testing in California .
Additionally , the formula rate plan evaluation report calls for a decrease of $ 40.5 million in the MISO cost recovery revenue requirement from the current level of $ 46.8 million to $ 6.3 million .
Information Technology revenues of $ 8.6 million for the thirteen week period ended July 1 , 2017 decreased 21.9 % , or $ 2.4 million , as compared to $ 11.0 million for the comparable prior year period .
Heritage Global Inc. common stock is traded on the Canadian Securities Exchange , and the market there is similarly limited .
Also on December 10 , 2014 , Orbital Tracking Corp , Orbital Satcom , GTC and World entered into a license agreement pursuant to which GTC granted to Orbital Satcom a fully - paid and irrevocable non - exclusive license to use certain equipment owned by GTC or its affiliates consisting of appliques in connection with the purchased contracts .
Exhibit 10.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 10 - Q filed November 7 , 2011 .
The key management of Battlers Corp. is Stepan Feodosiadi , who is Battlers Corp. sole officer and director , President and treasurer .
As the FCC modifies and implements rules related to unbundling of ILEC network elements and collocation of competitive facilities at ILEC central offices , Lumos Networks Corp. generally have to renegotiate Lumos Networks Corp. interconnection agreements to implemen t those new or modified rules .
EMC Merger Litigation Dell Technologies Inc , Dell , and Universal Acquisition Co. ( " Universal " ) were named as defendants in fifteen putative class - action lawsuits brought by purported EMC shareholders and VMware , Inc. stockholders challenging the proposed merger between Dell Technologies Inc , Dell , and Universal on the one hand , and EMC on the other ( the " EMC merger " ) .
Because SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO generally do not hedge SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO net investments in foreign countries , SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO are susceptible to volatility in other comprehensive income caused by exchange rate fluctuations , primarily related to SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO South American subsidiaries , whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar .
Starkville Branch Bobby Little Vice President , Regional Commercial Lender Charles Byrd Vice President , Appraisal Review Officer Rhonda Edmonson Assistant Vice President Branch Operations Officer Collinsville Branch Mike Shelby Vice President Meridian Eastgate Charles Young Vice President , Regional Commercial Lender Walter Dyminski Vice President , Regional Commercial Lender Vikki Gunter Assistant Vice President Branch Operations Officer Meridian Broadmoor Jay Hines Vice President , Regional Commercial Lender Annette Brooks Assistant Cashier , Branch Operations Officer Hattiesburg Branch Travis Moore Regional President Chad Hill Vice President , Branch Manager Tammy McAlpin Commercial Loan Portfolio Manager Flowood Branch David Peters Vice President , Mortgage Loan Officer Biloxi Cedar Lake Brandon Sherwood Gulf Coast President Biloxi Lemoyne Katie Hancock Assistant Vice President , Branch Manager Tammy Warren Assistant Vice President Mortgage Loan Officer Mortgage Loan Department Charlene Deweese Assistant Vice President Mortgage Loan Officer Oxford Loan Production Office Marion Boyd Vice President , Regional Commercial Lender .
On June 16 , 2017 , Car Charging Group , Inc. entered into a compensation agreement with Ira Feintuch , its Chief Operating Officer ( the Compensation Agreement ) .
Mr. Parrett co - founded the Global Financial Services Industry practice of Deloitte and served as its first Chairman .
As a result of the above , BIRNER DENTAL MANAGEMENT SERVICES INC s net loss was $ ( 225,000 ) for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 compared to $ ( 100,000 ) for the quarter ended March 31 , 2016 , an increase of $ 125,000 , or 124.1 % .
( i ) Within 120 days after each Settlement Date , the Managing Member shall submit to the Withdrawn Member a statement of the settlement of such Withdrawn Member s GP - Related Member Interest in Blackstone Group L.P. pursuant to this Section 6.5 together with any cash payment , subordinated promissory note and in kind distributions to be made to such Member as shall be determined by the Managing Member .
Mr. LeComte has served as Managing Director of TSG since 2009 and is a member of TSG s Investment Com mittee .
As a result of that conversion , Morgan Stanley Co. Incorporated is now named Morgan Stanley Co. LLC ( MS Co. or the Company ) .
Mr. Poorman joined the board of directors of Hi - Crush Partners LP general partner in August 2013 and serves as a member of the Audit Committee and Conflicts Committee .
CYBEROPTICS CORP stand - alone SMT inspection system products for end - user customers are primarily sold through independent representatives and distributors managed by direct sales personnel located in Singapore , as well as in the United Kingdom , the U.S. and China .
If Intersect ENT , Inc , or Intersect ENT , Inc. suppliers , fail to adhere to current good manufacturing practice requirements in the United States , this could delay production of Intersect ENT , Inc. products and lead to fines , difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals , recalls , enforcement actions , including injunctive relief or consent decrees , or other consequences , which could , in turn , have a material adverse effect on Intersect ENT , Inc. financial condition or results of operations .
As of April 15 , 2015 , MPHASE TECHNOLOGIES INC are headquartered in Clifton , New -Jersey .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Hovnanian Enterprises , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended January 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Ara K. Hovnanian , President and Chief Executive Officer of HOVNANIAN ENTERPRISES INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Prior to WES s agreement with Anadarko to settle its deferred purchase price obligation early , the consideration that would have been paid by WES for the March 2015 acquisition of Delaware Basin JV Gathering LLC ( DBJV ) from Anadarko , consisted of a cash payment to Anadarko due on March 31 , 2020 .
Adam P. Symson Adam P. Symson President and Chief Executive Officer .
As of December 31 , 2015 , the consolidated balance sheet of Equinox Frontier Diversified Fund included the assets and liabilities of its majority owned Frontier Trading Company XXXV , LLC .
Mr. Palethorpe retained the titles of President , Chief Executive Officer , Secretary and Treasurer and remained a member of NEW MEDIA INSIGHT GROUP , INC . s board of directors .
ProGold LLC and Cargill entered into a Second Amended and Restated Facility Lease ( as further described below ) , and Cargill and American Crystal entered into an Option Agreement dated as of April 4 , 2017 to be effective on January 1 , 2018 detailing the price , term and other conditions under which American Crystal grants to Cargill an exclusive option to purchase a 50 % interest in ProGold LLC from American Crystal during the first four years of the lease .
As a result of such fluctuations , Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. may occasionally experience fluctuations in the timing of new asset opportunities or declines in revenue or earnings as compared to the immediately preceding quarter , and comparisons of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. operating results on a period - to - period basis may not be meaningful .
Also in May 2017 , Southern Company Gas Capital and Nicor Gas terminated their existing credit arrangements for $ 1.3 billion and $ 700 million , respectively , which were to mature in 2017 and 2018 , and entered into a new multi - year credit arrangement currently allocated for $ 1.2 billion and $ 700 million , respectively , with a maturity date of 2022 .
Throughout the rest of the world , Sonoma Pharmaceuticals , Inc. use strategic partners and distributors for the sale of Microcyn -based products , including Bangladesh , Pakistan , India , the People s Republic of China , South Korea , United Arab Emirates , Saudi Arabia , Dubai , Kuwait , Iraq , New Zealand , Singapore , Indonesia and Malaysia .
Under POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . new expanded distribution agreement with Perkins , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . are a distributor of specified Perkins engines within a territory consisting of the states of North Dakota , South Dakota , Minnesota , Wisconsin , Iowa , Michigan , Ohio , Indiana , Illinois , Missouri , Nebraska , Kansas , Pennsylvania , New Jersey , Delaware , Maryland ( including Washington , District of Columbia ) , West Virginia , New Hampshire , Vermont , Massachusetts , Maine , Rhode Island , Connecticut and New York .
Jeffrey Parker , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , commented , PARKERVISION INC are excited for the impending launch of PARKERVISION INC innovative Wi - Fi product into an expanding market that is on pace to exceed 100 million North American households that use Wi - Fi .
The factors that influenced CARMAX INC third quarter results also contributed to the results for the nine - month period .
CF Corp entire activity from inception to September 30 , 2017 relates to CF Corp formation , consummation of the initial public offering , the forward purchase agreements , and , since the closing of the initial public offering , the search for a Business Combination candidate .
Consumer Capital Group , Inc. s principal operations and geographic markets are in the People s Republic of China ( PRC ) .
In addition , since SEARS HOLDINGS CORP has retained an equity interest in Sears Canada , the operating results for Sears Canada through October 16 , 2014 are presented within the consolidated operations of Holdings and the Sears Canada segment in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with accounting standards applicable to presentation of financial statements .
Businesses not considered part of these segments are categorized as " Other " and include CPI Card Group Inc. operations in Ontario , Canada and Petersfield , United Kingdom .
The following discussion and analysis presents a review of Voya Financial , Inc. consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 and financial condition as of September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 .
Mr. Wesley has served in a variety of capacities since joining ALLIANCE RESOURCE PARTNERS LP in 1974 , including as Senior Vice President Operations from August 1996 through February 2009 .
The decrease in equity in earnings in 2014 compared with 2013 is primarily due to the consolidation of IMTT s results from July 16 , 2014 and thereafter compared with the equity method of accounting for IMTT s results prior to the acquisition date .
Borrowings under each of Frontier s credit agreements are secured by a pledge of the stock of certain Frontier subsidiaries and guaranties by certain Frontier subsidiaries , primarily representing Frontier operations in Illinois , Indiana , Michigan , Ohio , and Wisconsin .
During Fiscal 2017 , Mr. Steinberg served as a member of HRG GROUP , INC . Compensation Committee until he was appointed as Chief Executive Officer of HRG in April 2017 .
Exhibit 32 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Tropicana Entertainment Inc. ( the " Company " ) for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , Anthony P. Rodio , as Chief Executive Officer , Principal Executive Officer of Tropicana Entertainment Inc , and Theresa Glebocki , as Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , and Treasurer of Tropicana Entertainment Inc , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of his knowledge : 1 .
AEPTCo s direct borrowing and lending activity with AEP for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 is described in the following table : .
Power of Attorney I , Zhu Yun , a citizen of the People s Republic of China ( PRC ) and holder of PRC resident ID card number 630104197402260543 , hereby irrevocably grant , in my capacity as a shareholder of Beijing Sino Top Scope Technology Co , Ltd.
CHIASMA , INC net loss was $ 7.0 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and $ 61.1 million for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
Strength The Chairman of Shake Shack Inc. Board of Directors serves as a director of Share Shake Shack Inc. Strength , for which Shake Shack holds the " Great American Shake Sale " every year during the month of May to raise money and awareness for childhood hunger .
ALABAMA POWER CO provides electricity to retail customers in southeast Mississippi and to wholesale customers in the Southeast .
Sergey Brin , President of Alphabet , was one of Google s founders and has served as a member of GOOGLE INC . Board of Directors since its inception in September 1998 .
The increase of $ 9,356,000 in SG A in 2015 was primarily from the acquisitions of the Specialized business units , Kellands and Fieldquip in the amount of $ 8,953,000 and $ 2,941,000 in costs related to the restructuring and consolidation of ALAMO GROUP INC 's Faucheux operation in France .
Note that Perrigo Company plc three - year realizable pay excludes the most recent 6 - month stub year , and Mylan s realizable pay excludes awards granted in connection with the One - Time Special Performance - Based Incentive Program ( as defined below ) , since these performance awards are still subject to performance - based criteria .
Varex s effective tax rate is impacted by tax laws in both the United States and in the countries in which its international subsidiaries do business .
The operating losses incurred by ZIX CORP s U.S. operations in past years and the resulting net operating losses for U.S. Federal income tax purposes are subject to a $ 46.4 million reserve because of the uncertainty of future taxable income levels sufficient to utilize ZIX CORP net operating losses and credits .
The Partnership is managed and operated by its general partner , Blackstone Group Management L.L.C , which is in turn wholly owned and controlled by one of Blackstone s founders , Stephen A. Schwarzman ( the Founder ) , and Blackstone s other senior managing directors .
PRA GROUP INC investing activities used cash of $ 217.5 million , $ 282.3 million , and $ 1,030.7 million for the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 , respectively .
Vice Chairman and President , and Mr. Richard Barton , ZILLOW GROUP , INC . Executive Chairman , for reimbursement of costs incurred by Mr. Frink and Mr. Barton for use of private planes by certain of ZILLOW GROUP , INC . s employees and Mr. Frink and Mr. Barton for business travel in prior years .
In July 2014 , CENTENE CORP purchased a noncontrolling interest in Ribera Salud S.A. ( Ribera Salud ) , a Spanish health management group for $ 17 million .
On January 19 , 2012 ( the Petition Date ) , EASTMAN KODAK CO and its U.S. subsidiaries ( collectively , the Debtors ) filed voluntary petitions for relief ( the Bankruptcy Filing ) under chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code ( the Bankruptcy Code ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York ( the Bankruptcy Court ) .
A key engagement while at Acacia was the launch of Vida Capital 's Longevity Fund where Steve served as the VP of Marketing and Business Development .
MSA Safety Inc 's effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 was 9.6 % and differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35 % primarily due to a significant tax benefit of approximately 10.5 % related to certain share - based payments related to the adoption of ASU 2016 - 09 as well as a 3.8 % benefit associated with the reduction of exit taxes related to MSA Safety Inc European reorganization , additional manufacturing deduction benefits and the release of a valuation allowance on foreign losses .
Prior to his promotion , Mr. Loy served as ENTEGRIS INC Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since 2008 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Broadstone Net Lease , Inc. ( the Company ) for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 ( the Quarterly Report ) , and pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , the undersigned , Ryan M. Albano , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Broadstone Net Lease , Inc , certifies , to the best of his knowledge , that : .
/s/ Devon Jones . Chief Executive Officer and Director .
Currently , American BriVision ( Holding ) Corp are a holding company operating through American BriVision ( Holding ) Corp wholly owned subsidiary , American BriVision Corporation , a Delaware corporation ( BriVision ) .
In August 2014 , SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC acquired a 24.8 % interest in Transactis , Inc. for $ 9.5 million .
Eastman Kodak Company 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement .
MOSAIC CO operate in multiple tax jurisdictions , both within the United States and outside the United States , and face audits from various tax authorities regarding transfer pricing , deductibility of certain expenses , and intercompany transactions , as well as other matters .
Income Tax Expense Prior to USD Partners LP IPO , USD Partners LP were included in the consolidated U.S. federal income tax return of USD Partners LP sponsor , in which USD Partners LP were treated as an entity disregarded as separate from USD Partners LP sponsor for U.S. federal income tax purposes .
Carlyle Group L.P. may also experience fluctuations in Carlyle Group L.P. quarterly and annual results , including Carlyle Group L.P. revenue and net income , due to a number of other factors , including changes in the carrying values and performance of Carlyle Group L.P. funds investments that can result in significant volatility in the carried interest that Carlyle Group L.P. have accrued ( or as to which Carlyle Group L.P. have reversed prior accruals ) from period to period , as well as changes in the amount of distributions , gains , dividends or interest paid in respect of investments , changes in Carlyle Group L.P. operating expenses , the degree to which Carlyle Group L.P. encounter competition and general economic and market conditions .
FTI CONSULTING INC will provide a copy of FTI CONSULTING INC Code of Ethics without charge upon request to FTI CONSULTING INC Corporate Secretary , FTI Consulting , Inc , 2 Hamill Road , North Building , Baltimore , Maryland 21210 .
Sempra Mexico operates its Energ a Costa Azul LNG regasification terminal on land it owns in Baja California , Mexico .
West Commodity Margin in CALPINE CORP West segment increased by $ 43 million , or 6 % , for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 compared to the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 , primarily due to the expansion of CALPINE CORP retail hedging activities following the acquisition of Calpine Solutions in December 2016 and higher generation margin where CALPINE CORP realized higher Spark Spreads during hours in which CALPINE CORP generated , particularly evening peak times .
Uzi Sasson , President and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
ChinaNet Online Holdings , Inc. s PRC operating subsidiaries and VIEs , being incorporated in the PRC , are governed by the income tax law of the PRC and is subject to PRC enterprise income tax ( EIT ) .
ORIGINCLEAR , INC . gross profit was $ 100,776 and $ 976,057 for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively .
Fision Holdings , Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Minnesota in 2010 , and has developed and successfully commercialized a proprietary cloud - based software platform which automates and integrates digital marketing assets and marketing communications to bridge the gap between marketing and sales of any enterprise .
From April 2005 to May 2010 , Mr. Song served as the chairman and chief executive officer of Shanghai Jinqiaotong Enterprise Developments Corporation Ltd , a direct investment company .
( 4 ) Retirement and postretirement benefits represent estimated benefit payments for FLOWSERVE CORP U.S. and non - U.S. defined benefit plans and FLOWSERVE CORP postretirement medical plans , as more fully described below and in Note 11 to FLOWSERVE CORP consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report .
Macquarie Infrastructure Corp shares are traded on the NYSE under the symbol MIC .
( 1 ) Since Hongli Clean Energy Technologies Corp. former Chief Financial Officer , Song Lv , resigned on August 3 , 2016 , Mr. Jianhua Lv has been acting as Hongli Clean Energy Technologies Corp. interim Chief Financial Officer .
On February 25 , 2016 , Lorenzo Delpani informed the Board of Directors that he was resigning his position as President and Chief Executive Officer of Revlon , Inc. and Products Corporation , effective March 1 , 2016 .
David W. Riggleman , age 54 , joined Commonwealth in July 2007 as a Business Development Specialist and was named Assistant Vice President in December 2007 , Portfolio Manager in June 2008 and as a Vice President of CCC and CIGF , Inc. in December 2008 .
Revenue Derived from Large Orders Could Adversely Affect NATIONAL INSTRUMENTS CORP Gross Margin and Could Lead to Greater Variability in NATIONAL INSTRUMENTS CORP Quarterly Results .
NEVADA GOLD & CASINOS INC gaming facility operations are located in the United States of America ( U.S. ) , specifically in the states of Nevada , Washington and South Dakota .
On June 3 , 2014 WILLIS LEASE FINANCE CORP entered into an agreement with China Aviation Supplies Import Export Corporation ( CASC ) to participate in a joint venture named CASC Willis Engine Lease Company Limited ( CASC Willis ) , a new joint venture based in Shanghai , China .
Also , either EQT or us may terminate the merger agreement if the merger has not been consummated by February 19 , 2018 or , at either party s discretion - if the only conditions to closing that have not been satisfied or waived by that date are those related to the termination or expiration of any waiting period under the HSR Act or the issuance of an order , decree , ruling , injunction or other action that is in effect and is restraining , enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the merger - May 19 , 2018 , except that this right to terminate the merger agreement will not be available to any party whose material breach of a representation , warranty , covenant or other agreement of such party under the merger agreement resulted in the failure of the transactions to be consummated on or before that date .
Upon termination of the Advisor RSU Agreements , Black Creek Diversified Property Fund Inc. Advisor will promptly pay any unused offset amounts to us or , at Black Creek Diversified Property Fund Inc.
11.0 Refer to EPS calculation in the Notes to Financial Statements 31.1 Section 302 Certification of Jeffrey V. Haley , President and Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Section 302 Certification of William W. Traynham , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 32.1 Section 906 Certification of Jeffrey V. Haley , President and Chief Executive Officer 32.2 Section 906 Certification of William W. Traynham , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
Note 5 Goodwill Goodwill activity for the two years ended December 31 , 2015 consisted of the following :
As of June 30 , 2017 , China Green Agriculture , Inc. was organized into four main business segments based on location and product : Jinong ( fertilizer production ) , Gufeng ( fertilizer production ) , Yuxing ( agricultural products production ) and the sales VIEs .
SEGMENT INFORMATION Effective January 1 , 2015 , Kodak has seven reportable segments : Print Systems , Enterprise Inkjet Systems , Micro 3D Printing and Packaging , Software and Solutions , Consumer and Film , Intellectual Property Solutions and Eastman Business Park .
Due to the fact that China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc use recycled raw materials to manufacture China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc products , the State Administration of Taxation in China granted us a VAT tax exemption , which expired June 2015 .
First Financial Northwest , Inc. ( First Financial Northwest ) , a Washington corporation , was formed on June 1 , 2007 for the purpose of becoming the holding company for First Financial Northwest Bank ( the Bank ) in connection with the conversion from a mutual holding company structure to a stock holding company structure completed on October 9 , 2007 .
Through SkyWest Airlines and ExpressJet , SKYWEST INC operate the largest regional airline in the United States .
Nathan Zommer , Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer .
David Behrend , Hubilu Venture Corp president , will be devoting 40 hours per week to Hubilu Venture Corp operations .
Alamo Energy Corp. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section discusses Alamo Energy Corp. financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 ( the " Report " ) of FS Energy and Power Fund ( the " Registrant " ) , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I , Michael C. Forman , the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant , hereby certify , to the best of my knowledge , that : .
On September 23 , 2015 , the Partnership entered into a secondment agreement with Antero , Midstream Management , Midstream Operating , Antero Water and Antero Treatment , whereby Antero has agreed to provide seconded employees to perform certain operational services with respect to the Partnership s gathering and compression facilities and the Contributed Assets , and the Partnership has agreed to reimburse Antero for expenditures incurred by Antero in the performance of those operational services .
Mr. Bryan previously served as Director of Strategic Initiatives and M A prior to becoming Chief Risk Officer .
Equity losses from Advanced Emissions Solutions , Inc. interest in RCM6 decreased during the three months ended March 31 , 2017 compared to the three months ended March 31 , 2016 due to the sale of Advanced Emissions Solutions , Inc. 24.95 % membership interest in RCM6 on March 3 , 2016 for a cash payment of $ 1.8 million and assumption of the outstanding note payable made by us in connection with Advanced Emissions Solutions , Inc. purchase of RCM6 membership interests from Tinuum Group in February 2014 .
As of November 1 , 2015 , Mr. Hansen holds approximately 2,795,571 shares of common stock and 185,000 shares of Super Voting Preferred Stock entitled to 40 votes per share , collectively representing approximately 56 % of the voting power of Ominto , Inc. s issued and outstanding voting securities .
STK Edinburgh will operate a restaurant known as STK in Edinburgh , Scotland .
In the second quarter of 2014 , following Street Capital s distribution of its ownership interest in HGI to Street Capital shareholders as a dividend in kind , the unpaid balance of the Street Capital Loan began accruing interest at a rate per annum equal to the lesser of the Wall St. Journal ( WSJ ) prime rate + 2.0 % , or the maximum rate allowable by law .
Prior to Mill Road Capital , Mr. Lynch served as a Senior Managing Director and founder of the financial advisory firm Mill Road Associates and prior to that as a Managing Director and founder of the private equity firm Lazard Capital Partners .
S. W. Connally , Jr. Chairman , President , and Chief Executive Officer Age 46 Served as Executive Officer since 2012 Michael L. Burroughs Vice President Senior Production Officer Age 55 Served as Executive Officer since 2010
In 2015 , the Florida PSC approved Gulf Power 's three energy purchase agreements totaling 120 MWs of utility - scale solar generation located at three military installations in northwest Florida .
The noncompetition obligations of clause ( i ) of the preceding sentence shall be effective only with respect to a competitor of DUKE ENERGY PROGRESS , LLC , which is understood to mean any person or entity in competition with DUKE ENERGY PROGRESS , LLC , and more particularly those persons and entities in the businesses of : production , transmission , distribution , or retail or wholesale marketing or selling of electricity or natural gas ; resale or arranging for the purchase or for the resale , brokering , marketing , or trading of electricity , natural gas or derivatives thereof ; energy management and the provision of energy solutions ; development and operation of power generation , transmission and distribution facilities , and sales and marketing of electric power and natural gas , domestically and abroad ; and any other business in which DUKE ENERGY PROGRESS , LLC . is engaged at the termination of the Executive s employment ; and within the following geographical areas : ( i ) any country in the world ( other than the United States ) where DUKE ENERGY PROGRESS , LLC . has at least $ 25 million in capital deployed as of termination of the Executive s employment ; ( ii ) the states of Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , Indiana , Kentucky , Michigan , Minnesota , Mississippi , New York , North Carolina , Tennessee , Ohio , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , Texas , Vermont , Wisconsin and Wyoming ; and ( iii ) any other state in the United States where DUKE ENERGY PROGRESS , LLC . has at least $ 25 million in capital deployed as of the termination of the Executive s employment .
Separation Agreement and General Release , dated May 7 , 2015 , by and between the Registrant and Angela M. Aman ( Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended June 30 , 2015 and filed on August 5 , 2015 ) .
restrictions under U.S. tax laws and other laws on Rexnord Corp ability to repatriate dividends from Rexnord Corp foreign subsidiaries ; and .
In connection with these DSH programs , included in UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES INC financial results was an aggregate of approximately $ 10 million and $ 7 million during the three - month periods ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively .
I , Xiaojun Zhu , the Chief Executive Officer , certify that : .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Westbury Bancorp , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended December 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , the undersigned , Greg J. Remus , Chief Executive Officer of Westbury Bancorp , Inc , and Kirk J. Emerich , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Westbury Bancorp , Inc , each certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to best of his knowledge : .
As required by the NWPA , Ameren Missouri and other utilities have entered into standard contracts with the DOE .
Catherine A. Sazdanof f Business Advisor , Strata Oncology , Inc. Richard L. Eberly Executive Vice President , President and Chief Commercial Officer .
Economic turmoil in Europe and Asia and changes in oil production in the Middle East affect the economy and stock prices in the United States , which can affect CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP earnings and capital and the ability of CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP customers to repay loans .
In addition , many of EchoStar s directors and officers own DISH Network stock and options to purchase DISH Network stock , certain of which they acquired or were granted prior to the Spin - off ( as defined in Note 13 in the notes to consolidated financial statements in Item 15 of this report ) , including Mr. Ergen .
Given FRANKLIN RESOURCES INC global operations , FRANKLIN RESOURCES INC are also subject to securities laws and other laws of various non - U.S. jurisdictions and to regulation by non - U.S. regulators including , among others , the United Kingdom ( U.K. ) Financial Conduct Authority , the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier , Canadian provincial and territorial securities regulatory authorities , the Monetary Authority of Singapore , the Australian Securities and Investments Commission , the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission , the Securities and Exchange Board of India , the Japanese Financial Services Agency and various international stock exchanges .
On August 4 , 2017 , Marijuana Co of America , Inc. entered into a forbearance agreement with St George Investments LLC , due to Marijuana Co of America , Inc. s breached of certain default provisions of the secured promissory note entered into with St George on July 3 , 2017 .
On April 22 , 2014 , WYCC entered into the Merger Agreement with QuantumSphere , Inc , a California corporation ( QSI ) , whereby , QSI would merge with Way Cool Merger Sub , Inc , a Nevada corporation and wholly - owned subsidiary of WYCC .
/s / ARA K. HOVNANIAN Ara K. Hovnanian Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer .
Although FINISAR CORP price FINISAR CORP products in U.S. dollars , portions of both FINISAR CORP cost of revenues and operating expenses are incurred in foreign currencies , principally the Malaysian ringgit , the Chinese yuan , the Australian dollar , the Israeli shekel , the Swedish krona , and the Euro .
Facilities and information technology expense also increased during the three and nine - month periods by $ 0.2 million and $ 0.9 million , respectively , to support REALPAGE INC growth .
Corp market risks related to interest rate sensitivities at September 30 , 2017 , have not changed materially from those discussed in Item 7A of XOMA Corp Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 filed with the SEC .
In connection with the issuance of the note , SOLAR WIND ENERGY TOWER , INC . granted i ) a 1.33 % ownership interest in Arizona Green Power , LLC and ii ) a warrant to purchase 1,920,000 shares of SOLAR WIND ENERGY TOWER , INC . s common stock exercisable at $ 0.05 per share expiring on March 7 , 2016 .
Our continued success and SURGE COMPONENTS INC ability to manage anticipated future growth depend , in large part , upon the efforts of key personnel , particularly Ira Levy and Steven Lubman , SURGE COMPONENTS INC chief executive officer and vice president , respectively , who have extensive industry knowledge and relationships and exercise substantial influence over SURGE COMPONENTS INC operations .
Mr. Singal will also be entitled to a bonus , amount to be determined and subject to achieving certain milestones , to be set by PHOTOMEDEX INC s compensation committee within thirty ( 30 ) days after the committee receives a business plan for PHOTOMEDEX INC from Mr. Johnson and Suneet Singal , PHOTOMEDEX INC s Chief Executive Officer , and he will be entitled to receive equity compensation in an amount and with a vesting schedule to be determined by PHOTOMEDEX INC s compensation committee within thirty ( 30 ) days after receipt of the business plan .
On March 3 , 2015 , JDF Capital , LG Capital Funding , LLC and Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company agreed to assign an aggregate of $ 50,000 from the note of JDF Capital to LG Capital and to amend the conversion price to equal to 65 % of the lowest closing price of the Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. common stock for the last 20 trading days prior to conversion , as well as 10 % per annum interest .
issued unregistered shares as follows : ( i ) 250,000 restricted shares to Tim Vance , Data Call Technologies 's CEO , in connection with the execution of a new 5 year employment agreement ; and 250,000 restricted shares to Gary Woerz , Data Call Technologies 's newly designated CFO , in connection with the execution of a new 5 year employment agreement .
Governmental Proceedings The Georgia Department of Revenue , or DOR , has conducted a sales and use tax audit of COPART INC s operations in Georgia for the period from January 1 , 2007 through June 30 , 2011 .
SDG E s electric revenues decreased by $ 66 million ( 2 % ) to $ 3.7 billion in 2015 primarily due to : .
Furthermore , if the pro rata portion of WL Ross Holding Corp. Trust Account distributed to WL Ross Holding Corp. public stockholders upon the redemption of WL Ross Holding Corp. public shares in the event WL Ross Holding Corp. do not complete WL Ross Holding Corp. Business Combination within 24 months from WL Ross Holding Corp. IPO , is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful , then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL , the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution , instead of three years , as in the case of a liquidation distribution .
During 2015 , Restaurant Brands International Limited Partnership settled certain interest rate swaps and recognized a net unrealized loss of $ 84.6 million in AOCI at the date of settlement .
Mr. Breen currently serves as a director of Comcast Corporation .
In addition , certain of TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . officers and directors also serve as officers and/or as directors of News Corp , including TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . Executive Chairmen K. Rupert Murdoch , who serves as News Corp s Executive Chairman , and Lachlan K. Murdoch , who serves as News Corp s Co - Chairman , and TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . Chief Executive Officer James Murdoch , who serves as a director of News Corp.
In addition , during 2014 , IBERIABANK CORP s subsidiary , LTC , acquired certain assets from The Title Company , LLC , a title office in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , and Louisiana Abstract and Title , LLC , a title office in Shreveport , Louisiana .
In addition , Mr. McBride previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Gloucester Pharmaceuticals , Inc , Global Head of Oncology Licensing at Pharmacia Corporation , Executive Vice President , Business Operations and Chief Financial Officer at CytoTherapeutics , Inc , Vice President , Business Development and Treasurer at Phytera , Inc , Vice President , Commercial Development at Sparta Pharmaceuticals , Inc. and Vice President , Business Development at U.S. Bioscience , Inc.
TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . s investment in Sky had a market value of $ 11 billion as of December 31 , 2015 determined using its quoted market price on the London Stock Exchange ( a Level 1 measurement as defined in Note 6 Fair Value ) .
The following sets forth STAG Industrial , Inc. at - the - market ( " ATM " ) common stock offering program as of June 30 , 2017 .
Portfolio and Investment Activity Portfolio Investment Activity as of and for the Years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 The following tables summarize Corporate Capital Trust , Inc. investment activity as of and for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 and for the year ended December 31 , 2014 , excluding Corporate Capital Trust , Inc. short term investments : .
Essent Group Ltd. reserve calculations do not currently include any estimate for claim rescissions , but Essent Group Ltd. may be required to do so at some later time to ensure that Essent Group Ltd. reserves meet the requirements of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
For the period covered by this report Tiger Reef , Inc. conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of Tiger Reef , Inc. principal executive officer and sole director , J. Scott Sitra , Tiger Reef , Inc. evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of Tiger Reef , Inc. disclosure controls and procedures ( as defined in Rule 13a-15(e ) and 15d-15(e ) of the Exchange Act ) .
Global Strategic Holdings , Inc , ( the Company ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on September 23 , 2010 , and its year - end is February 28 .
Upon closing of the transactions contemplated under the share exchange agreement , the GTCL Shareholders transferred all of the issued and outstanding equity of GTCL to Orbital Tracking Corp. in exchange for ( i ) an aggregate of 2,540,000 shares of the common stock of Orbital Tracking Corp. and 8,746,000 shares of the newly issued Series E Preferred Stock of the Company ( the Series E Preferred Stock ) with each share of Series E Preferred Stock convertible into ten shares of common stock , ( ii ) a cash payment of $ 375,000 and ( iii ) a one - year promissory note in the amount of $ 122,536 .
333 - 192579 ) of Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. report dated March 10 , 2014 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules listed on Item 15 of Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. 's Form 10 - K , of Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc , included in this Annual Report ( Form 10 - K ) for the year ended December 31 , 2013 .
In October 2013 , LSB INDUSTRIES INC settled these claims with LSB INDUSTRIES INC insurance carriers for the aggregate amount of $ 113 million .
As a result of acquiring additional LINN Energy units in exchange for the transfer of Berry in December 2013 , LinnCo , LLC s ownership of LINN Energy s outstanding units increased from approximately 15 % to approximately 39 % ( see Berry Acquisition above ) .
( f ) On those few matters that may be submitted for a vote of the limited partners of The Blackstone Group L.P , Blackstone Partners L.L.C , an entity wholly owned by Blackstone Group L.P. senior managing directors , holds a special voting unit in The Blackstone Group L.P. that provides it with an aggregate number of votes on any matter that may be submitted for a vote of Blackstone Group L.P. common unitholders that is equal to the aggregate number of vested and unvested Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings on the relevant record date and entitles it to participate in the vote on the same basis as Blackstone Group L.P. common unitholders .
The pro forma impact of the acquisition and the results of operations for the Columbus store since acquisition are not material to BASSETT FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC consolidated results of operations for the nine months ended August 26 , 2017 .
The increase was primarily attributable to a $ 5.7 million increase in personnel costs , largely as a result of a 33 % average increase in sales and marketing headcount as TWILIO INC continued to expand TWILIO INC sales efforts in the United States and internationally , a $ 0.9 million increase in marketing and advertising costs , a $ 0.4 million increase in credit card processing fees due to increased volume , a $ 0.3 increase in professional fees , a $ 0.2 million increase in facilities expenses to accommodate TWILIO INC headcount growth and a $ 0.2 million increase related to TWILIO INC SIGNAL conference .
In December 2015 , JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC agreed to a settlement with the SEC , and JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A. agreed to a settlement with the CFTC , regarding disclosures to clients concerning conflicts associated with the Firm s sale and use of proprietary products , such as J.P. Morgan mutual funds , in the Firm s CCB and AWM wealth management businesses , and the U.S. Private Bank s disclosures concerning the use of hedge funds that pay placement agent fees to JPMorgan Chase broker - dealer affiliates .
As an exporter , FUELCELL ENERGY INC must comply with various laws and regulations relating to the export of products , services and technology from the U.S. and other countries having jurisdiction over FUELCELL ENERGY INC operations .
Redeemable preferred stock also includes stock received in conjunction with the 2014 sale of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC Puerto Rico operations , as discussed in Note 19 .
Joseph K. Vanderstelt . Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Joseph K. Vanderstelt . ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
Lumiox , Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 18 , 2014 , and LUMIOX , INC . fiscal year end is October 31 .
In addition to challenges specific to the United States , Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc. operations , including but not limited to Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc. operations outside of the United States , are subject to a variety of political and economic risks , including risks arising from : .
Cytosorbents Corp pays a commission rate of 3.0 % of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of Shares and has agreed to provide Cantor with customary indemnification and contribution rights .
( Unaudited ) Note 1 Nature of Operations The Trade Desk , Inc. ( the Company ) was formed in November 2009 as a Delaware corporation .
The technology Support.com , Inc. use to serve partners and the Support.com Cloud offering Support.com , Inc. license are hosted at a third - party facility located in the United States , and Support.com , Inc. use a separate , independent third - party facility in the United States for emergency back - up and failover services in support of the hosted site .
Philip C. Raymond Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , and Treasurer ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
Agreement and Plan of Merger , dated December 17 , 2015 , by and among CoreLogic Solutions , LLC , CoreLogic Acquisition Co , Inc , FNC Holding Company , Inc. and , solely in his capacity as Shareholder Representative , Dennis S. Tosh , Jr. ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to CORELOGIC , INC . 's Annual Report on Form 10 - K as filed with the SEC on February 26 , 2016)^+ .
31.2 Certification of J. Kimbrough Davis , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Capital City Bank Group , Inc , Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 .
Additionally , in 2013 , SKYWEST INC terminated its sub lease of certain aircraft to Air Mekong and recognized $ 5.1 million of other income during the year ended December 31 , 2013 primarily due to the recognition of collected and realized contingent rent payments , net of the write off of certain maintenance deposits .
Prior to joining Radiancy , Dr. Rafaeli served from 2004 to 2006 as president and CEO of the USR Group , a consumer electronics products manufacturer , managing operations in Israel , China , Hong Kong and the U.S. Between 2000 and 2004 , Dr. Rafaeli founded and served as general manager of Orbotech Ltd. ( ORBK - NASDAQ ) , an automated optical inspection capital equipment manufacturer for the electronics industry in China and Hong Kong , where he was instrumental in building these operations into a $ 100 million a year business .
Wallace Silversmiths de Puerto Rico , Ltd. ( WSPR ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary of LIFETIME BRANDS , INC , operates a manufacturing facility in San Germ n , Puerto Rico that is leased from the Puerto Rico Industrial Development Company ( PRIDCO ) .
ANDREA ELECTRONICS CORP . total revenues from continuing operations for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 were approximately $ 3.6 million and $ 13.2 million , respectively .
However , a substantial majority of the voting power of the shares of both companies is owned beneficially by Charles W. Ergen , DISH DBS CORP Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , and by certain trusts established by Mr. Ergen for the benefit of his family .
Refer to Note 24 - Commitments and Contingencies of the Combined Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Exelon 2016 Form 10 - K for additional information regarding Generation s future minimum lease payments .
Mr. Ningdi Chen was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer , President , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer , Secretary , and director of ALADDIN INTERNATIONAL INC /MN/ as of July 20 , 2015 .
Director Compensation The following table shows the total compensation paid or accrued during the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2016 to each of Alphatec Holdings , Inc. current directors and former directors , Siri S. Marshall , Rohit Desai and Tom C. Davis .
In September 2013 , Cytosorbents Corp entered into a strategic partnership with Biocon Ltd , India s largest biotech company , with an initial distribution agreement for India and select emerging markets , under which Biocon has the exclusive commercialization rights for CytoSorb initially focused on sepsis .
As of December 31 , 2015 , Daniel Hoffler , Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. Executive Chairman , owned approximately 11 % and , collectively , Messrs. Hoffler , Haddad and Kirk owned approximately 18 % of the combined outstanding shares of Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. common stock and OP Units of Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. Operating Partnership ( which OP Units may be redeemable for shares of Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. common stock ) .
EGTP Consent Agreement In September 2014 , EGTP , an indirect subsidiary of Exelon and Generation , issued $ 675 million aggregate principal amount of a nonrecourse senior secured term loan .
Oritani Financial Corp sold its last remaining Investment in Real Estate Joint Ventures during the three months ended March 31 , 2017 .
By /s / S. W. Connally , Jr. S. W. Connally , Jr. Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer .
Each share of Orbital Tracking Corp. s Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective date changed and converted into 1/150th fully paid and non - assessable shares of Great West Common Stock ; .
KLA TENCOR CORP s significant operations outside the United States include manufacturing facilities in China , Germany , Israel and Singapore and sales , marketing and service offices in Japan , the rest of the Asia Pacific region and Western Europe .
From May 2013 through April 2014 , Mr. Peng served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of the Programmable Platforms Group .
As most of ChinaNet Online Holdings , Inc. operations are conducted through ChinaNet Online Holdings , Inc. PRC subsidiary and VIEs , ChinaNet Online Holdings , Inc. ability to pay dividends is primarily dependent on receiving distributions of funds from ChinaNet Online Holdings , Inc. PRC subsidiary and VIEs .
Asset Divestitures ( Exelon , Generation , PHI and Pepco ) EGTP , a Delaware limited liability company , was formed in 2014 with the purpose of financing a portfolio of assets comprised of two combined - cycle gas turbines ( CCGTs ) and three peaking / simple cycle facilities consisting of approximately 3.4 GW of generation capacity in ERCOT North and Houston Zones .
On July 22 , 2015 , eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp wholly owned subsidiary , eWellness Corporation , was merged into eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp and , therefore , no longer exists as a separate entity .
Effective July 16 , 2016 , Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. terminated the sale of additional shares of Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. common stock to Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. stockholders pursuant to Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. distribution reinvestment plan .
In October 2010 , Immune Design Corp. entered into three separate license agreements with MedImmune pursuant to which Immune Design Corp. granted MedImmune a worldwide , sublicensable , exclusive license to use GLA to develop and sell vaccines in three different infectious disease indications .
JRjr33 , Inc. ( " JRJR " or " the Company " , and together with JRjr33 , Inc. 's consolidated subsidiaries , " we " , " us " and " our " ) was incorporated under the laws of Florida in 2007 .
The incentive fees Carlyle Group L.P. earn are dependent on the net asset value of these funds or vehicles , which could lead to volatility in Carlyle Group L.P. quarterly results and cash flow .
The merger of WYCC with QSI , its wholly - owned subsidiary , is referred to as a short - form merger and did not require the approval of WYCC s stockholders .
In addition , there is no family relationship between Mr. Stover and any director , executive officer or person nominated or chosen by Interpace Diagnostics Group , Inc. to become a director or executive officer that would require disclosure pursuant to Item 401(d ) of Regulation S - K. Governance of Interpace Diagnostics Group , Inc. Corporate Governance and Code of Business Conduct .
Prior to that , Mr. Jacobs was the Chief Financial Officer of Graham Field Health Products , Inc , a manufacturing and distribution company .
Mark G. Papa , Centennial Resource Development , Inc. President , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board , serves as a director and Chairman of the Board of Oil States International , Inc , an energy services company publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange ( Oil States ) .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Duke Energy Carolinas , LLC ( Duke Energy Carolinas ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Steven K. Young , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Duke Energy Carolinas , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 )
In the past , hurricanes affecting the Gulf Coast of the U.S. have negatively affected LSB INDUSTRIES INC operations and those of LSB INDUSTRIES INC customers .
DELTA APPAREL , INC operating profit , without adjusting for Junkfood as mentioned above , was $ 7.5 million , or 7.2 % of sales .
On March 31 , 2015 , Cord Blood America , Inc. entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Stephen Morgan , Cord Blood America , Inc. s Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary , which is effective as of April 1 , 2015 and shall terminate as of March 31 , 2017 , unless earlier terminated by Cord Blood America , Inc. or Mr. Morgan in accordance with the agreement ( the Morgan Employment Agreement ) .
Scott Maw joined Starbucks in August 2011 and has served as executive vice president , chief financial officer since February 2014 .
As of December 31 , 2016 , Northern Tier Energy LP owned a 52.6 % limited partner interest in WNRL and the public owned a 47.4 % limited partner interest in WNRL . Transactions with WNRL are generally considered to be related party transactions because Messrs. Stevens , Smith , Barfield and Beyersdorfer and Ms. Davis each serve as executive officers of both the Company ( including its wholly owned subsidiaries ) and WRGP , the general partner of WNRL .
STRONG SOLUTIONS INC . provides this service for companies and for individuals outside of the United States of America .
IMMUNOMEDICS INC also issued to UCB on December 27 , 2011 a 5 -year warrant to purchase one million shares of IMMUNOMEDICS INC s common stock , par value $ 0.01 per share , at an exercise price of $ 8.00 per share .
On September 12 , 2016 , Prestige Brands Holdings , Inc. announced that Christine Sacco had been appointed as Chief Financial Officer of Prestige Brands Holdings , Inc , effective that same day .
I , Daryl G. Byrd , President and Chief Executive Officer of IBERIABANK Corporation , certify that : 1 .
Fulghum s gross profit was $ 2.3 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , compared to $ 4.7 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 .
CytoSorbents Corporation was incorporated in Nevada on April 25 , 2002 as Gilder Enterprises , Inc , and was originally engaged in the business of installing and operating computer networks that provided high - speed access to the Internet .
Organization Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. ( formerly Mariposa Resources , Ltd. ) ( the Company ) was incorporated on May 31 , 2006 in the State of Nevada , U.S.A.
The issuance of QVC Group common stock and Liberty Ventures common stock does not affect the rights of Liberty Interactive Corp creditors or creditors of Liberty Interactive Corp subsidiaries .
Total Roche deferred revenues , excluding deferred revenues related to reimbursements for providing research and development services and supplying bulk rHuPH20 , were $ 33.2 million and $ 35.7 million as of September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , respectively .
Exhibit 10.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed November 16 , 2015 .
As of March 31 , 2017 , HELIUS MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES , INC . has received a total of $ 1,818,249 in respect of expenses reimbursed and has an account receivable totaling $ 233,000 for amounts owed to HELIUS MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES , INC . for completion of milestones on the development timelines .
On November 2 , 2016 , Teledyne Instruments , Inc. acquired assets of IN USA , headquartered in Norwood , Massachusetts , for $ 10.2 million in cash .
DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH , as Administrative Agent By : /s/ Marcus Tarkington Name : Marcus Tarkington Title : Director By : /s/
Giveback Provisions means paragraph 3.4.3 of the BPPG Partnership Agreement and BPPI Partnership Agreement , as applicable , and any other similar provisions in any other BPPG Agreement or BPPI Agreement , as applicable , existing heretofore or hereafter entered into .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT telephone number is ( 860 ) 669 - 8636 , and CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT Internet address is www.ctwater.com .
The decrease in NIKE INC s effective tax rate was primarily due to adjustments in the prior year to tax expense on intercompany transactions and an increase in the proportion of earnings from operations outside of the United States in the current period , which are generally subject to a lower tax rate .
Organization The Fund was formed as a Delaware statutory trust on May 23 , 2005 .
The revenue producing assets that are held by the VIEs and a VIE s subsidiary comprise of licensed content , network equipment , charter / cooperation agreements , software and licenses and website and mobile app development .
INC s distribution agreement with Mentor Corporation , a subsidiary of Johnson Johnson , for the sale , marketing and distribution of the Lysonix soft tissue aspirator used for cosmetic surgery has terminated .
Mr. Gardner has served as a director of the EQGP General Partner since January 2015 .
Ambassador Swindells served as a Senior Advisor of Evercore Wealth Management , a unit of Evercore Partners , from June 2009 until December 31 , 2010 .
Clarke has served on the board of directors of Red Hat , Inc , an enterprise software company , since 2008 .
As of December 31 , 2015 , LinnCo had no significant assets or operations other than those related to its interest in LINN Energy and owned approximately 37 % of LINN Energy s outstanding units .
In connection with the Annual Report of Orbital Tracking Corp. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , David Phipps , Chief Executive Officer of Orbital Tracking Corp , and Theresa Carlise , Chief Financial Officer of Orbital Tracking Corp , each certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
To the extent BROADWIND ENERGY , INC . s use of NOL carryforwards and associated built - in losses is significantly limited in the future due to additional changes in stock ownership , BROADWIND ENERGY , INC . s income could be subject to U.S. corporate income tax earlier than it would be if BROADWIND ENERGY , INC . were able to use NOL carryforwards and built - in losses without such limitation , which could result in lower profits and the loss of benefits from these attributes .
On December 11 , 2015 , Capstone Therapeutics Corp. entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Biotechnology Value Fund affiliated entities Biotechnology Value Fund , L.P , Biotechnology Value Fund II , L.P , Biotechnology Value Trading Fund OS , L.P , Investment 10 , LLC , and MSI BVF SPV , ) , which provided $ 1,000,000 in funding for Capstone Therapeutics Corp. operations in the form of Convertible Promissory Notes .
A. Roger Guimond Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
FORM Holdings Corp. consolidated revenue for the nine - month period ended September 30 , 2017 was $ 48,683,000 , of which Excalibur represented $ 4,195,000 , and FORM Holdings Corp. total assets as of September 30 , 2017 were $ 73,839,000 , of which Excalibur represented $ 4,772,000 .
( 1 ) Lee Chan Yue served as director of TGL from October 14 , 2014 to January 5 , 2015 .
Michael E. Ellis , Alta Mesa Holdings , LP Chairman and Chief Operating Officer , and his spouse Mickey Ellis , one of Alta Mesa Holdings , LP directors , indirectly own 85.06 % of Alta Mesa Holdings , LP Class A interests .
Date : August 9 , 2017 by /s/ Mark K. Hardwick Mark K. Hardwick Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
For the next twelve to eighteen months all of Deseo Swimwear Inc. operations will be performed by Deseo Swimwear Inc. sole officer and director , Suzanne Cope .
The financial statements include the accounts of Rightscorp Inc , and its wholly - owned subsidiary Rightscorp Delaware .
Premier Biomedical , Inc. Notes to Condensed Financial Statements ( Unaudited ) Securities Purchase Agreement On March 30 , 2017 , PREMIER BIOMEDICAL INC entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement ( the Purchase Agreement ) by and between PREMIER BIOMEDICAL INC and each of The Special Equities Group , LLC , RDW Capital LLC , and DiamondRock , LLC ( each a Purchaser and collectively , the Purchasers ) to sell PREMIER BIOMEDICAL INC common stock and warrants at a fixed price .
Odyssey Group International , Inc. research and development activities and the manufacturing and marketing of Odyssey Group International , Inc. products may be subject to the laws , regulations and guidelines and , in some cases , regulatory approvals of governmental authorities in the United States and other countries in which Odyssey Group International , Inc. products are or will be marketed .
Exhibit 31.2 Chief Financial Officer Certification As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 I , Matthew S. Stadler , certify that : I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 of Cohen Steers , Inc. ( the Registrant ) ; Based on my knowledge , this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made , in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made , not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report ; Based on my knowledge , the financial statements , and other financial information included in this report , fairly present in all material respects the financial condition , results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of , and for , the periods presented in this report ; The Registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures ( as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e ) and 15d-15(e ) ) and internal control over financial reporting ( as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f ) and 15d-15(f ) ) for the Registrant and have : a ) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures , or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under COHEN & STEERS INC supervision , to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant , including its consolidated subsidiaries , is made known to us by others within those entities , particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared ; b ) Designed such internal control over financial reporting , or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under COHEN & STEERS INC supervision , to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ; c ) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report COHEN & STEERS INC conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures , as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation ; and d ) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter ( the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report ) that has materially affected , or is reasonably likely to materially affect , the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting ; and The Registrant s other certifying officers
On December 31 , 2015 , Hospitality Investors Trust , Inc. terminated the Former Dealer Manager as the dealer manager of Hospitality Investors Trust , Inc. IPO .
S. W. Connally , Jr. Chairman , President , and Chief Executive Officer .
Foreign Withholding Tax : In connection with ARRIS International plc acquisition of Pace , ARRIS US Holdings , Inc. transferred shares of its subsidiary ARRIS Financing II Sarl to ARRIS International plc .
On December 14 , 2015 , OCIB entered into an agreement with OCI Fertilizer Trade Supply B.V. ( " OCI Fertilizer Trade Supply " ) , an indirect , wholly - owned subsidiary of OCI that is an international trader of ammonia , to supply OCI Fertilizers Trade Supply with commercial grade anhydrous ammonia .
Name Age Position ---- --- -------- Robert L. Knauss ( 3 ) 86 Chairman of the Board and Director David A. Grossman 53 Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Corporate Secretary and Director Paul R. Gregory ( 1)(2 ) 76 Director Ted Reynolds ( 1)(2 ) 86 Director _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ( 1 ) Member of the Audit Committee .
From February 2002 to September 2006 , Mr. MacLellan served as chairman and cofounder at Broadband Access MarketSpace , Ltd , a China based IT advisory firm , and was also co - founder at Datalex Corp , a software and IT company specializing in mainframe applications , from February 1997 to May 2002 .
USCF also pays the fees of ALPS Distributors , Inc. ( ALPS Distributors ) , which serves as the marketing agent for UNG ( the Marketing Agent ) , and Brown Brothers Harriman Co. ( BBH Co. ) , which serves as the administrator ( the Administrator ) and the custodian ( the Custodian ) for .
MEDICINES CO /DE development and commercialization strategy involves entering into arrangements with corporate and academic collaborators , contract research organizations , distributors , third - party manufacturers , licensors , licensees and others to conduct development work , manage or conduct MEDICINES CO /DE clinical trials , manufacture MEDICINES CO /DE products and market and sell MEDICINES CO /DE products outside of the United States .
Mr. Morgan received his bachelor s degree in Humanities in 1998 from Huddersfield Polytechnic and was regulated from 2007 to 2010 with the UK Financial Services Authority and was authorized to carry out corporate finance advice .
Dr. Harris also serves as trustee of the Clipper Fund , director of the Selected Funds , and as the research coordinator of the Institute for Quantitative Research in Finance .
Mr. Knight joined HEXION INC . in 1997 and served until 1999 as Director and then Vice President of Mergers and Acquisitions - Finance for Borden , Inc.
Mr. Zerr has also been a Senior Vice President and Secretary of IDI since March 2006 and June 2006 , respectively .
REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's effective tax rate for 2014 was higher than the federal statutory rate of 35 % due principally to : ( i ) state and local taxes , net of U.S federal income tax benefit ; ( ii ) establishing a valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets in the Professional segment ; ( iii ) foreign dividends and earnings taxable in the U.S. ; and ( iv ) foreign and U.S. tax effects attributable to operations outside the U.S. REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP expects that its tax provision and effective tax rate in any individual quarter and year - to - date period will vary and may not be indicative of REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's tax provision and effective tax rate for the full year .
Based upon that evaluation , CONOCOPHILLIPS Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and CONOCOPHILLIPS Executive Vice President , Finance .
Similar to the United States , jurisdictions outside the United States in which Carlyle Group L.P. operate , in particular Europe , have become subject to extensive further regulation .
Global Brokerage , Inc. operating subsidiaries are regulated in a number of jurisdictions , including the U.K. ( where regulatory passport rights have been exercised to operate in a number of European Economic Area jurisdictions ) and Australia .
In June 2012 , Net Element , Inc. formed Net Element , Inc. subsidiary , OOO TOT Money to develop a business in mobile commerce payment processing .
PROVECTUS BIOPHARMACEUTICALS , INC . further alleges that had BHS provided competent accounting and tax preparation services , it would have discovered Dr. Dees failure to submit back - up documentation supporting the advanced travel funds at the inception of Dr. Dees conduct , and prevented the misuse of these and future funds .
ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. currently operate ten STK restaurants in major metropolitan cities globally ( of which seven are owned and three managed ) , and ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. have additional STK restaurants expected to open in Austin , Dallas , Denver , Orlando , San Diego , Miami and Toronto , Canada in 2016 and in Boston , Edinburgh , Scotland and Ibiza , Spain in 2017 .
In January 2013 , Immune Design Corp. entered into a license agreement with UNC Chapel Hill , pursuant to which Immune Design Corp. obtained a worldwide , sub - licensable , non - exclusive license to certain modified retroviral vectors , including a license under all patent rights owned or controlled by UNC Chapel Hill covering such vectors .
In 2009 , PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO acquired a 33.3 % investment in Proxisafe Ltd.
In March 2017 , under ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC Collaboration and License Agreement with MainPointe Agreement , ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC granted MainPointe an exclusive license to ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC Impede technology to commercialize ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC Nexafed products in the U.S. and Canada .
During September 2015 , ACTIVECARE , INC . entered into a one - year consulting agreement with Bluestone Advisors , LLC , an entity controlled by Mr. Jeffrey Peterson , who assumed a new role as Chief Financial Officer of the Company .
John M. Badke John M. Badke Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer .
Since forming PIRINATE in 1997 , Mr. Davis has advised , managed , sold , liquidated and served as a Chief Executive Officer , Chief Restructuring Officer , Director , Committee Chairman and Chairman of the Board of a number of businesses operating in diverse sectors such as telecommunications , automotive , manufacturing , high - technology , medical technologies , metals , energy , financial services , consumer products and services , import - export , mining and transportation and logistics .
Executive Officers of WPL Patricia L. Kampling Ms. Kampling has served as a director since January 2012 , and as Chairman of the Board and CEO since April 2012 .
Exhibit 10.35 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 10 - K filed March 8 , 2010 .
Exhibit 32 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Malibu Boats , Inc. ( Malibu ) on Form 10 - Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31 , 2016 ( the Report ) , Jack Springer , chief executive officer , and Wayne Wilson , chief financial officer , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 ) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ; and .
Paul Donfried who was a director in 2016 is not included in this table as he was an employee director who did not receive additional compensation for his service as a director .
CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP conduct CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP business operations primarily in Summit , Columbiana , F ranklin and Cuyahoga Counties , Ohio , and make loans generally throughout Ohio .
The historical results of operations discussed in this " Management 's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations " includes the consolidated results of Neff Corp. Neff Corporation , is the sole managing member of Neff Holdings and owns Common Units of Neff Holdings representing a 41.0 % equity interest in Neff Holdings , as of December 31 , 2015 .
At the time of the Merger Agreement , Dongfang Holding owned all of the issued and outstanding stock and ownership of Orient Paper HB and such shares of Orient Paper HB were held in trust with Zhenyong Liu , Xiaodong Liu and Shuangxi Zhao , for Mr. Liu , Mr. Liu and Mr. Zhao ( the original shareholders of Orient Paper HB ) to exercise control over the disposition of Dongfang Holding s shares in Orient Paper HB on Dongfang Holding s behalf , until Dongfang Holding successfully completed the change in registration of Orient Paper HB s capital with the relevant PRC Administration of Industry and Commerce as the 100 % owner of Orient Paper HB s shares .
PayPal Holdings , Inc. may also , subject to the agreement of the applicable lenders , increase the commitments under the revolving credit facility by up to $ 500 million .
As of December 31 , 2016 THERAPEUTIC SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . disclose that THERAPEUTIC SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . had no independent directors .
Subject to the terms and conditions of the XIX Merger Agreement , ( i ) each share of common stock of Hartman XIX ( the XIX Common Stock ) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time ( as defined in the XIX Merger Agreement ) will be automatically cancelled and retired and converted into the right to receive 9,171.98 shares of Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. common stock , ( ii ) each share of 8 % cumulative preferred stock of Hartman XIX issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be automatically cancelled and retired and converted into the right to receive 1.238477 shares of Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. common stock , and ( iii ) each share of 9 % cumulative preferred stock of Hartman XIX issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be automatically cancelled and retired and converted into the right to receive 1.238477 shares of Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. common stock .
Although CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT do not believe that CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT systems are at a materially greater risk of cyber security attacks than other similar organizations , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from the types of cyber security attacks or other events listed above or other similar actions , and such incidents or other events may go undetected for a period of time .
In connection with the spin - off , COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS INC entered into a separation and distribution agreement as well as certain ancillary agreements with QHC on April 29 , 2016 .
Further details about compensation paid to Mr. Biston can be found under Item 10 , Directors , Executive Officers and Corporate Governance below .
GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2015 - GC34 have examined management s assessment , included in the accompanying Assessment of Compliance with the Applicable Servicing Criteria , that the Corporate Trust Services division of Wells Fargo Bank , National Association ( the Company ) complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d ) of the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB for commercial mortgage backed securities ( CMBS ) transactions backed by pools of commercial mortgage loans and/or backed by CMBS for which GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2015 - GC34 provides trustee , securities administration and/or paying agent services and where some or all of the offered securities for such CMBS transactions were either ( a ) publicly issued pursuant to a registration statement delivered under the Securities Act of 1933 , or ( b ) privately issued pursuant to an exemption from registration where GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2015 - GC34 has an obligation under the transaction agreements to deliver an assessment of compliance with the applicable servicing criteria under Item 1122(d ) of Regulation AB ; provided however that , the platform excludes any transactions ( i ) where the offered securities were issued , sponsored or guaranteed by any agency or instrumentality of the U.S. government or any government sponsored entity , and ( ii ) where the offered securities were issued pursuant to a transaction that closed prior to January 1 , 2006 and for which GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2015 - GC34 outsources all material servicing activities ( as defined by Regulation AB ) ( the CMBS Platform ) as of and for the twelve months ended December 31 , 2015 .
Directors - Theodore H. Bunting , Jr , Paul D. Hinnenkamp , Andrew S. Marsh and Phillip R. May , Jr. Entergy Mississippi , Inc. Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer - Haley R. Fisackerly ( principal executive officer ) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer - Andrew S. Marsh ( principal financial officer ) .
INSTRUCTURE INC net losses were $ 12.7 million and $ 13.7 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively .
Robert H. George joined ALAMO GROUP INC in May 1987 as Vice President and Secretary / Treasurer and has served ALAMO GROUP INC in various executive capacities since that time .
Concurrent with the sale of Bard s cardiology business , Mr. Collins joined Medtronic Vascular in 1998 as Vice President / Business Unit Manager in Medtronic / AVE and was later appointed Vice President , Global Operations , Vascular .
MOSAIC CO are presenting MOSAIC CO results of operations for the twelve months ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , the seven - month transition period of June 1 , 2013 through December 31 , 2013 ( the Transition Period ) and the fiscal year ended May 31 , 2013 .
Mr. Kyte has served as RIGHTSCORP , INC . s Chief Financial Officer since October 2016 and Chairman of RIGHTSCORP , INC . s board of directors since December 2015 .
Kathryn Bufano President and Chief Executive Officer .
The predecessor Mississippi Power Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Maine on November 24 , 1924 and was admitted to do business in Mississippi on December 23 , 1924 and in Alabama on December 7 , 1962 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Digital Development Partners , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , Jack Jie Qin , the Principal Executive Officer and William E. Sluss , the Principal Financial Officer of Digital Development Partners , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of their knowledge : .
The 2009 permit remains in effect pending EPA s action on the Pepco renewal application , including resolution of the stormwater compliance issues .
Historically , MARCUS CORP first fiscal quarter has produced MARCUS CORP strongest quarterly operating results because this period coincides with the typically strong summer performance of the movie theatre industry and the summer strength of MARCUS CORP lodging business .
As of September 30 , 2017 , SDOI has an ownership interest of 51.3 % in Turning Point .
Prior to joining Mosaic , Mr. O Rourke was President , Australia Pacific for Barrick Gold Corporation , the largest gold producer in Australia , since May 2006 , where he was responsible for the Australia Pacific Business Unit consisting of ten gold and copper mines in Australia and Papua New Guinea .
For example , many states and other jurisdictions , including Utah , where OVERSTOCK.COM , INC are located , have regulations governing the conduct of car sellers and public advertising for car sales .
During the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , TechCare Corp. used $ 7,651 in TechCare Corp. investing activities as compared to $ 3,425 in the same period in the prior year .
Incorporated in 1998 , EnSync is headquartered in Menomonee Falls , Wisconsin , USA with offices in San Francisco , California , Honolulu , Hawaii , Shanghai , China , and Perth , Western Australia .
If foreign currency exchange rates depreciate in the United Kingdom , in Italy , or in any other foreign country in which ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. may operate in the future , ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. may experience declines in ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. international operating results but such exposure would not be material to the consolidated financial statements .
Mobile Modular For the three months ended September 30 , 2017 , Mobile Modular s total revenues increased $ 5.2 million , or 8 % , to $ 68.9 million compared to the same period in 2016 , primarily due to higher rental , rental related services and sales revenues .
OLCB results of operations were included in UNITED COMMUNITY FINANCIAL CORP s results beginning January 31 , 2017 .
Blackstone Advisory Partners L.P , a subsidiary of ours through which Blackstone Group L.P. conduct Blackstone Group L.P. capital markets services business and certain of Blackstone Group L.P. fund marketing and distribution , is registered as a broker - dealer with the SEC and is subject to regulation and oversight by the SEC , is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority , or FINRA , and is registered as a broker - dealer in 50 states , the District of Columbia , the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands .
Exhibit 32.2 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Staffing 360 Solutions , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended April 1 , 2017 ( the Report ) , I , David Faiman , Chief Financial Officer of Staffing 360 Solutions , Inc , hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : 1 .
As of June 30 , 2017 , Rice Energy owned an 87.04 % membership interest in Rice Energy Operating , and the Vantage Sellers ( defined herein ) owned a 12.96 % membership interest in Rice Energy Operating .
Voya Financial , Inc. principal insurance subsidiaries domiciled in Colorado , Connecticut and Iowa each have ordinary dividend capacity for 2017 .
The number of stock options granted to Mr. Garland was determined by dividing $ 9,863 ( the portion of his director fee for the year ending October 31 , 2017 ) by the fair value of a stock option grant using the Black - Scholes model ( $ 0.40 per share ) .
Moody National REIT I , Inc. sponsor serves as the sponsor of Moody II , and Brett C. Moody serves as the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Moody II .
( e ) Mr. Hooper shall serve as Purchaser s representative in connection with the generator work and compliance with the Rule as provided in this Section 4 .
OM Asset Management plc provides investment management services globally to predominantly institutional investors , in asset classes that include U.S. and global equities , fixed income , alternative assets , real estate , timber and secondary Funds .
Nationwide Holding Corp , defined above and herein as ATI Nationwide Holding Corp. or the Issuer , formerly EXA , Inc , was incorporated under the laws of the State of Florida on September 24 , 2001 .
Corporate Fixed Maturity Securities The tables below show the major industry types of REINSURANCE GROUP OF AMERICA INC s corporate fixed maturity holdings as of March 31 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 ( dollars in thousands ): .
The Securities Action names as defendants HLSS , former HLSS Chairman William C. Erbey , HLSS Director , President and Chief Executive Officer John P. Van Vlack , and HLSS Chief Financial Officer James E. Lauter .
WL Ross Holding Corp. has agreed to pay $ 10,000 a month for office space , administrative services and secretarial support to WL Ross Co. LLC , an affiliate of the Sponsor .
Before that , Mr. Enck was with Summit Medical Systems , a healthcare software and support services corporation , from January 1994 to September 1998 , where he held a number of senior - level positions , including President and General Manager of its subsidiary , Medical Information Systems ( MIS ) , as well as Vice President of Sales and Marketing of parent company , Summit .
Subject to adjustments depending on asset characteristics and return expectations of the selected drilling plan , GSO will fund 100 % of the costs associated with new wells drilled under the DrillCo agreement and is expected to receive an 85 % working interest in these wells until it achieves a 15 % internal rate of return on annual groupings of wells , while LINN Energy is expected to receive a 15 % carried working interest during this period .
J OSEPH R. T RPIK , J R. Joseph R. Trpik , Jr. Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer .
Upon joining NCM , CINEMARK USA INC /TX entered into an Exhibitor Services Agreement with NCM ( ESA ) , pursuant to which NCM provides advertising and promotions to CINEMARK USA INC /TX theatres .
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International , Inc. R D expenses excluding impairment charges for 2016 , 2015 and 2014 were $ 421 million , $ 334 million , and $ 246 million , respectively , and represent a substantial increase in Valeant Pharmaceuticals International ,
I , Michael Brophy , Chief Financial Officer of Natera , Inc. ( the Company ) , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to my knowledge : .
In connection with the annual report of Red Lion Hotels Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the period ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , James A. Bell , Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer of Red Lion Hotels CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and result of operations of Red Lion Hotels CORP .
Mr. Zelibor is currently a director of Nuvectra Corp. Since April 2011 , Mr. Zelibor served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Zelibor Associates , LLC , a management - consulting firm .
Significant components of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . s deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31 , 2015 and 2014 are as follows : .
FTI Consulting is required to report any suspected boycott requests to the U.S. government .
On January 23 , 2017 , the ITH Board approved a management transition plan , which was implemented on January 31 , 2017 , in which Karl Hanneman , currently the Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) , became the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) , managing both the CEO and COO responsibilities , and Tom Irwin , the previous CEO , transitioned into a part - time position of Senior Advisor prior to his being considered for nomination to the Board at INTERNATIONAL TOWER HILL MINES LTD 's May 2017 Annual General Meeting ( AGM ) .
In connection with the Separation , GCP Applied Technologies Inc. entered into agreements with Grace to address several matters associated with the Separation , including insurance coverage .
WFRBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2014 - C24 have examined management 's assertion , included in the accompanying Certification Regarding Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria on SEC Regulation AB , that Torchlight Loan Services , LLC ( the Company and the Asserting Party ) complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d ) of the Securities and Exchange Commission 's Regulation AB for the special servicing platform ( Platform ) for commercial mortgage - backed securities transactions that were issued on or after January 1 , 2006 , for which WFRBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2014 - C24 acted as special servicer as of and for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
In addition , various states in which NOODLES & Co operate are considering or have already adopted new immigration laws or enforcement programs , and the U.S. Congress and Department of Homeland Security from time to time may consider and implement changes to federal immigration laws , regulations or enforcement programs as well .
Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates Sienna Biopharmaceuticals , Inc. management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on Sienna Biopharmaceuticals , Inc. consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States , or GAAP .
On August 1 , 2014 , approximately 85 million of PARAGON OFFSHORE PLC ordinary shares were distributed to Noble s shareholders in conjunction with the Spin - Off .
John P. Nelson John P. Nelson , Chief Financial Officer and Vice President .
Western Uranium Corp also acquired Jonesville Coal located in Palmer Recording District , Alaska and Keota located in Weld County , Wyoming .
The operating activities of Supreme from the date of acquisition through September 30 , 2017 were not considered material and were excluded from WABASH NATIONAL CORP /DE results for both the three and nine month periods ended September 30 , 2017 discussed below .
See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Results of Operations Summary of Macquarie Infrastructure Corp Proportionately Combined Results in Part II , Item 7 , for Macquarie Infrastructure Corp proportionately combined share of gross profit , EBITDA excluding non - cash items and Free Cash Flow for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 .
Other Income ( Deductions ) Other income ( deductions ) increased $ 19 million in the three months ended March 31 , 2017 compared with the 2016 period due primarily to earnings from equity investments in Stagecoach Gas Services , LLC which were made subsequent to March 2016 .
Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31 , 2014 and 2013 During the year ended December 31 , 2014 , Neff Corp operating activities provided net cash flow of $ 94.1 million as compared to $ 108.4 million for the year ended December 31 , 2013 .
On April 30 , 2014 , Tatiana Fumioka ( the Seller ) , entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement ( the Stock Purchase Agreement ) pursuant to which the Seller agreed to sell to Mr. Rama Mohan R. Busa , ( the Purchaser ) , with his principal place of business in Cary , NC , the 8,000,000 shares of common stock of VETRO , INC . owned by Ms. Fumioka , constituting approximately 75.83 % of VETRO , INC . s outstanding common stock to be transferred to the name of Mr. Rama Mohan R. Busa , for $ 375,000 .
J2 GLOBAL , INC . prepare J2 GLOBAL , INC . consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and J2 GLOBAL , INC . discussion and analysis of J2 GLOBAL , INC . financial condition and operating results require us to make judgments , assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in J2 GLOBAL , INC . consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes .
Mr. Cross s continued service as Chairman or CEO and ( ii ) the achievement of a defined level of performance against an industry index based on Alphatec Holdings , Inc. common stock price on certain dates or upon a change of control : 31.25 % of the options vested on the date of grant , 6.25 % vested on September 13 , 2013 and 6.25 % vested on every 3 month anniversary thereafter .
However , as of June 30 , 2015 , and given VALHI INC /DE/ operating results during the second quarter of 2015 and VALHI INC /DE/ expectations at that time for VALHI INC /DE/ operating results for the remainder of 2015 , VALHI INC /DE/ did not have sufficient positive evidence to overcome the significant negative evidence of having cumulative losses in the most recent twelve consecutive quarters in both VALHI INC /DE/ German and Belgian jurisdictions at June 30 , 2015 ( even considering that the carryforward period of VALHI INC /DE/ German and Belgian NOL carryforwards is indefinite , one piece of positive evidence ) .
On January 23 , 2017 , Avalon Globocare Corp. incorporated Avalon ( BVI ) Ltd , a British Virgin Island company .
VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP recently acquired subsidiary , Nexmo , provides CPaaS solutions to VONAGE HOLDINGS CORP customers .
( iii ) Restricted Territory means each county in Alabama where First Community Bank operates a banking office at the Effective Time and each county contiguous to each of such counties .
As a result of these changes , HARMONIC INC anticipate that HARMONIC INC consolidated pre - tax income will be subject to foreign tax at relatively lower tax rates when compared to the U.S. federal statutory tax rate and , as a consequence , HARMONIC INC effective income tax rate is expected to be lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate .
Effective October 2012 , HNS and dishNET Satellite Broadband L.L.C. ( dishNET ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary of DISH Network , entered into a distribution agreement ( the Distribution Agreement ) pursuant to which dishNET has the right , but not the obligation , to market , sell and distribute the Hughes satellite internet service ( the Hughes service ) .
Robert D. Bondurant , Executive Vice President and .
On November 12 , 2015 the following individuals were appointed as Officers and Directors to Asia Training Institute US , Inc. * Chun - Han Lin was appointed Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Asia Training Institute US , Inc. * Chien - Heng Chiang was appointed Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Asia Training Institute US , Inc. * Yi - Shan Feng was appointed Secretary and a Director of Asia Training Institute US , Inc. * Chun - Heng Lin was appointed a Director of Asia Training Institute US , Inc. * Chia - Yi Lin was appointed a Director of Asia Training Institute US , Inc. * Cheng Siew Imm was appointed a Director of Asia Training Institute US , Inc. * Tsung - Lun Wu was appointed a Director of Asia Training Institute US , Inc.
Table of Contents Virginia National Bank , the principal operating subsidiary of Virginia National Bankshares Corp , was organized in 1998 under federal law as a national banking association to engage in a general commercial and retail banking business .
Blackstone Group L.P. recognize revenue on investments in Blackstone Group L.P. investment funds based on Blackstone Group L.P. allocable share of realized and unrealized gains ( or losses ) reported by such investment funds , and a decline in realized or unrealized gains , or an increase in realized or unrealized losses , would adversely affect Blackstone Group L.P. revenue and possibly cash flow , which could further increase the volatility of Blackstone Group L.P. quarterly results .
The MSA replaced Liggett s prior settlements with all states and territories except for Florida , Mississippi , Texas and Minnesota .
Mr. Hunt was appointed Executive Chairman of the Corporation 's board of directors on April 26 , 2010 .
A portion of the Retention Bonus is considered an advance and is not earned unless you remain continuously employed and in good standing with Merrimack based on the following terms : ( i ) if you terminate your employment with Merrimack on or before December 31 , 2017 without Good Reason ( as defined in your Employment Agreement ) or Merrimack terminates your employment on or before December 31 , 2017 for Cause ( as defined in your Employment Agreement ) , you shall be required to repay $ 233,333.33 of the Retention Bonus , minus any applicable taxes and withholdings that you were required to pay with respect to such amount , within 60 days after your termination , and ( ii ) if you terminate your employment with Merrimack on or after January 1 , 2018 but on or before June 30 , 2018 without Good Reason or Merrimack terminates your employment on or after January 1 , 2018 but on or before June 30 , 2018 for Cause , you shall be required to repay $ 116,666.67 of the Retention Bonus , minus any applicable taxes and withholdings that you were required to pay with respect to such amount , within 60 days after your termination , in each case , to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law .
INC joint venture partner Wangfujing , is located in Zhengzhou , China , and opened in March 2017 ; .
Mr. Cooper has served on the Board of Directors of the National Association of Corporate Directors Houston area Tri - City Chapter since 2015 .
Mr. J. Kim holds a B.A. degree in Business Administration from the Foster School of Business at University of Washington and is a Certified Public Accountant .
DAIS ANALYTIC CORP revenues in the third quarter of 2017 increased over 200 % to a total of $ 249,086 from the second quarter of 2017 .
By : /s / Brian Kelly ( SEAL ) Name : Brian Kelly Title : Treasurer and Vice President of Tax .
I - WELLNESS MARKETING GROUP INC . comprehensive net loss for the 6 months ending December 31 , 2016 was $ 122,020 primarily as a result of interest expense , management and professional fees and rent .
In order to compute PEPSICO INC constant currency results , PEPSICO INC multiply or divide , as appropriate , PEPSICO INC current year U.S. dollar results by the current year average foreign exchange rates and then multiply or divide , as appropriate , those amounts by the prior - year average foreign exchange rates .
Alta Disposal Morinville Ltd. Acquisition On June 11 , 2013 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a letter of intent with Alta Disposal Morinville Ltd. ( formerly Blue Tap Resources Inc. ) pursuant to which Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. agreed to acquire not less than 51 % of the outstanding securities of Alta Disposal Morinville in consideration of an aggregate investment of $ 450,000 in Alta Disposal Morinville s waste water disposal facility located in Morinville , Alberta .
During the year ended December 31 , 2016 , CUI Global , Inc. continued to invest in Orbital Gas Systems North America in Houston while the CUI - Canada operation was more fully integrated into CUI Global , Inc. 's Power and Electromechanical segment .
WASTE MANAGEMENT INC provide cost - efficient , environmentally sound recycling programs for municipalities , businesses and households across the U.S. and Canada as well as other services that supplement WASTE MANAGEMENT INC traditional Solid Waste business .
International Regulated Waste and Compliance Services ( International RCS ) revenues decreased $ 14.8 million , or 7.6 % , in the second quarter of 2017 to $ 180.1 million from $ 194.9 million in the second quarter of last year .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT does not expect that the adoption of this guidance will materially impact CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT consolidated financial position .
Additionally , as discussed in notes 2 and 7 , Liberty obtained a nearly 20 % interest in Delta Topco Limited ( Delta Topco ) , the parent company of Formula 1 , a global motorsports business , during 2016 and acquired the remaining interests , other than a nominal number of shares held by certain Formula 1 teams , during January 2017 .
In addition , the Miller Separation Agreement provides , among other things , that Mr. Miller is entitled to the compensation and benefits set forth in Section 6.02(d ) of his Amended and Restated Employment Agreement , which include the following ( the Separation Benefits ): ( i ) base salary earned but not paid prior to May 17 , 2017 ; ( ii ) payment for all accrued but unused vacation time up to May 17 , 2017 ; ( iii ) payment of any earned bonus that was deferred ; ( iv ) any bonus payable pursuant to any bonus program , to the extent already earned but not paid in the fiscal year ending December 31 , 2017 ; ( v ) an amount equal to Mr. Miller s base salary in effect on May 17 , 2017 , multiplied by a factor of 2.50 , which amount is payable in accordance with the regular payroll practices of StoneMor GP in equal installments over two and one - half years , unless Mr. Miller is a specified employee ( within the meaning of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code , as amended , and pursuant to the methodology adopted by StoneMor GP ) as of his termination of employment , in which case such amount shall commence to be paid within 60 days following the end of the six month period that begins on the date of Mr. Miller s termination of employment ; ( vi ) immediate vesting of and lapsing of restrictions on all unvested stock awards ; ( vii ) continued participation in StoneMor GP s medical , dental , hospitalization and life insurance plans , programs and/or arrangements in which Mr. Miller was participating on May 17 , 2017 until the earliest of ( x ) two years , ( y ) the date Mr. Miller receives substantially equivalent coverage under the plans , programs and/or arrangements of a subsequent employer or ( z ) the date on which such plans are terminated , provided , however that if such coverage is not allowed under StoneMor GP s plans , Mr. Miller is entitled to a lump sum payment , less contributions , in an amount equal to the amount that StoneMor GP would have spent on Mr. Miller s premiums for the same period , based on the then - applicable premiums ; and ( viii ) such additional benefits as may be provided under existing plans and programs of StoneMor GP ( other than severance payments payable under any benefit plan ) .
Yvonne should contact her manager , segment or region leader , or FTI Consulting s Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer to discuss the gift .
Steven S. Sintros Steven S. Sintros President , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer .
Orbital Tracking Corp. consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States .
The increase in rental revenue was partially offset by a decrease in other revenues of $ 0.3 million , or 12.5 % , compared to the same period of 2016 , due to a $ 0.8 million reduction in direct customer equipment sales , primarily related to a single large customer , offset in part by $ 0.4 million of Wellsys dealer equipment sale revenue and a $ 0.1 million increase in coffee sales .
On September 15 , 2015 , Biogen Idec , notified us that after completing an audit of MEDICINES CO /DE books and records for the fourth quarter of 2014 , Biogen Idec believes it is owed additional royalties relating to Angiomax under MEDICINES CO /DE license agreement with Biogen Idec .
The gains ( losses ) on the interest rate swaps recognized were as follows : Foreign Currency Forward Contracts Foreign currency exchange risk arises from MULTI COLOR Corp international operations in Australia , Europe , South America , Mexico , Canada , China , Southeast Asia and South
Determination of Incentive Compensation As Blackstone Group L.P. founder , Mr. Schwarzman sets his own compensation and reserves final approval of each named executive officer s compensation , based in large part on recommendations from Mr. James .
DENBURY RESOURCES INC began purchasing and receiving CO 2 from the ConocoPhillips - operated Lost Cabin gas plant in central Wyoming in the first quarter of 2013 , under a contract that provides us as much as 50 MMcf / d of CO 2 for use in DENBURY RESOURCES INC Rocky Mountain region CO 2 floods .
Golden Minerals Co has certain purchase and lease commitments as set forth in Golden Minerals Co s Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
In October 2016 , WECAST NETWORK , INC . s subsidiary , YOU On Demand ( Asia ) Ltd , invested RMB 1,000,000 ( approximately $ 149,750 ) in Wecast Internet Limited ( Wecast Internet ) and held its 50 % equity ownership .
If many of Palo Alto Networks Inc employees in Israel are called for active duty for a significant period of time , Palo Alto Networks Inc operations and Palo Alto Networks Inc business could be disrupted and may not be able to function at full capacity .
Prior to joining the Fund in June 2004 , Mr. Schuenke served as a compliance officer with U.S. Bancorp Fund Services , LLC , from 2002 until he joined the Fund in 2004 .
Mr. Phipps , who was one of the GTCL Shareholders , received 400,000 shares of Orbital Tracking Corp. s common stock and 6,692,000 shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock in connection with the Share Exchange of GTCL shares , and was paid the Cash Payment and the Note .
Mr. Fuller joined USANA in 1996 as the Vice President of Finance and served in that role until 1999 when he was appointed as its Senior Vice President .
By implementing the 2015 Efficiency Program , REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP expects to achieve annualized cost reductions of approximately $ 10.0 million to $ 15.0 million by the end of 2018 , of which approximately $ 3.0 million benefited REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's 2015 results .
The lawsuit related to the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) underpayment of dialysis services DAVITA INC . provided from 2005 through 2011 to veterans pursuant to VA regulations .
At December 31 , 2016 , Firsthand Technology Value Fund , Inc. investment in QMAT consisted of 16,000,240 shares of Series A preferred stock , 2,000,000 shares of Series B preferred stock and warrants to purchase up to 2,000,000 shares of Series A preferred stock with a combined fair value of approximately $ 13.1 million .
Under Elevate Credit , Inc. agreements with TFI , TFI has agreed to indemnify us for claims and losses relating to its retained liabilities .
Excluding political revenues , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC local media revenues , which include local times sales , retransmission revenues , digital , and other local revenues , were up $ 286.1 million for 2015 when compared to 2014 , of which $ 176.7 million was related to the stations not included in the same period in 2014 .
OMNICELL , Inc current direct competitors in the medication packaging solutions market include Drug Package , Inc , AutoMed Technologies , Inc. ( a subsidiary of ARxIUM ) , Manchac Technologies , LLC ( through its Dosis product line ) and RX Systems , Inc. in the United States , and Jones Packaging Ltd , Synergy Medical Systems , Manrex Ltd , Global Factories B.V. and WebsterCare outside the United States .
1920 Rock Spring Road , LLC was formed in 1998 to own and hold real estate .
As a result of the factors discussed above , HYPERDYNAMICS CORP loss from operations decreased by $ 1.8 million from $ 3.7 million in the three months ended December 31 , 2014 to $ 1.9 million for the three months ended December 31 , 2015 .
A significant risk resulting from Funko , Inc. global operations is compliance with a wide variety of U.S. federal and state and non - U.S. laws , regulations and policies , including laws related to anti - corruption , anti - bribery and laundering .
On September 30 , 2014 , Boxlight Corp entered into a line of credit agreement for a 3 - year term with LCC - Delaware .
Terrorist attacks against the United States or increased domestic or international instability could have an adverse effect on CADUS CORP s operations .
The rate CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT charge for CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT water is regulated by the MPUC in Maine and CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT may not unilaterally adjust CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT rates to reflect changes in demand .
In connection with the Separation , Grace has agreed to indemnify GCP Applied Technologies Inc. for certain liabilities and GCP Applied Technologies Inc. have agreed to indemnify Grace for certain liabilities .
NAPCO SECURITY TECHNOLOGIES , INC 's gross profit increased by $ 1,537,000 to $ 27,584,000 or 33.4 % of net sales in fiscal 2016 as compared to $ 26,047,000 or 33.5 % of net sales in fiscal 2015 .
As with SecurityNational Mortgage 's Delaware action , and although SecurityNational Mortgage has not yet filed a response to the amended complaint , SecurityNational Mortgage denies that it has any liability to Lehman Holdings and intends to vigorously protect and defend such position .
Pursuant to the terms of the Urbach Separation Agreement , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . also entered into a consulting agreement with Mr. Urbach ( the Urbach Consulting Agreement ) , pursuant to which Mr. Urbach provided general business and consulting services to YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
The IRS and the Pension Protection Act of 2006 regulate the minimum amount CENTRUS ENERGY CORP contribute to CENTRUS ENERGY CORP pension plans .
Certain of FS Investment CORP s consolidated subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes .
As consideration for the transfer of Berry to LINN Energy , LinnCo , LLC acquired 93,756,674 newly issued LINN Energy units , valued at approximately $ 2.8 billion and equal to the number of LinnCo shares issued as consideration for Berry .
On July 1 , 2014 , ZAYO GROUP LLC acquired 100 % of the equity interest in AtlantaNAP , a data center and managed services provider in Atlanta , for cash consideration of $ 51.9 million .
Pursuant to a Master Formation Agreement , RBS Sempra Commodities will be formed as a United Kingdom limited liability partnership and RBS Sempra Commodities will purchase Sempra Energy s commodity - marketing subsidiaries .
The return will include the operating results of AHC from July 1 , 2015 through June 30 , 2016 , and AEON s results from January 27 , 2016 through June 30 , 2016 .
The corporate governance guidelines and charters are also available free of charge in print to any shareholder by requesting a copy from Melissa K. Caen , Corporate Secretary , Southern Company , 30 Ivan Allen Jr. Boulevard NW , Atlanta , Georgia 30308 .
Ms. Yap was previously a Vice President and Fund Controller at W.P. Carey Inc. from October 2011 to December 2012 .
Certificate of Timothy G. Biltz , President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a ) .
The Board of Directors elected Cullimore a senior vice president effective January 2015 .
On June 30 , 2016 China Green Agriculture , Inc , through its wholly - owned subsidiary Jinong , entered into strategic acquisition agreements and a series of contractual agreements with the shareholders of the following six companies that are organized under the laws of the PRC and would be deemed VIEs : Shaanxi Lishijie Agrochemical Co , Ltd. ( Lishijie ) , Songyuan Jinyangguang Sannong Service Co ,
After U.S. Federal Reserve Chairman Yellen s comments on May 6th that equity market valuations appeared high , the S P closed at its lowest level in over a month , and the Partnership experienced a loss in the first full week of trading since taking long positions .
In addition , all of the properties in Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. portfolio as of December 31 , 2015 Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. re located in Virginia , Maryland , North Carolina and South Carolina , which are areas subject to an increased risk of hurricanes .
AxoGen s products are subject to regulation by the FDA , as well as other federal and state regulatory bodies in the U.S. and comparable authorities in other countries .
Moreover , the laws of certain countries in which DSP GROUP INC /DE/ products are or may be developed , manufactured or sold , including Hong Kong , Japan , Korea and Taiwan , may not protect DSP GROUP INC /DE/ products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States .
Mr. Kim commenced his career with British Telecom in 1982 , where he held various senior positions including Vice President of Technology and Innovation and Programme Director and Head of Technology and Investment .
On November 19 , 2013 , ARK RESTAURANTS CORP invested an additional $ 464,000 in NMR through a purchase of an additional membership interest in Meadowlands Newmark , LLC resulting in a total ownership of 11.6 % of Meadowlands Newmark , LLC .
In May 2013 , Cempra Pharmaceuticals , Inc , CEMPRA , INC . s wholly owned subsidiary , entered into a license agreement with Toyama Chemical Co , Ltd. ( Toyama ) , whereby CEMPRA , INC . licensed to Toyama the exclusive right , with the right to sublicense , to make , use and sell any product in Japan that incorporates solithromycin , CEMPRA , INC . s lead compound , as its sole API for human therapeutic uses , other than for ophthalmic indications or any condition , disease or affliction of the ophthalmic tissues .
In the U.S , there are several proposals under consideration to reform tax law , including proposals that may reduce or eliminate the deferral of U.S. income tax on BIOGEN INC . unrepatriated earnings , penalize certain transfer pricing structures , and reduce or eliminate certain foreign or domestic tax credits or deductions .
Additional shares of Revlon , Inc. and shares of common stock of intermediate holding companies between Revlon , Inc. and MacAndrews Forbes may from time to time be pledged to secure obligations of MacAndrews Forbes .
Philip C. Raymond Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , and Treasurer Age 56 Elected in 2010 .
Due to SPI s failure to meet its purchase obligations , on May 4 , 2017 EnSync , Inc. terminated the Supply Agreement .
On October 15 , 2014 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into an exchange agreement with Sandor Capital Master Fund LP , who had purchased the $ 35,000 note from Marlin Capital Investments , LLC .
Condensed Financial Statements , on July 25 , 2017 , Freeze Tag , Inc. entered into a series of Securities Exchange and Common Stock Purchase Agreements with the holders of substantially all of Freeze Tag , Inc. related party convertible notes payable .
Exhibit 10.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K / A filed January 8 , 2016 .
( the Company ) for the period ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Steven P. Grimes as President and Chief Executive Officer of RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . and Heath R. Fear as Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to his knowledge : ( 1 )
DOCASA , Inc. ( f / k / a FWF Holdings , Inc , the Public Company , DOCASA Inc , us , our ) entered into an acquisition agreement ( the Acquisition Agreement ) with Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited ( the Private Company ) , a United Kingdom corporation .
Mr. Hance was elected to the Board of Directors of Carlyle Group L.P. general partner effective May 2 , 2012 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of PRGX Global , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Ronald E. Stewart , President and Chief Executive Officer of PRGX GLOBAL , INC . and I , Peter Limeri , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer , certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of the undersigned s knowledge : ( 1 ) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and ( 2 ) the information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of PRGX GLOBAL , INC . November 8 , 2017 .
In January 2017 , IRONWOOD PHARMACEUTICALS INC and Allergan entered into a commercial agreement under which the adjustments to IRONWOOD PHARMACEUTICALS INC s or Allergan s share of the net profits under the share adjustment provision of the collaboration agreement for linaclotide in North America are eliminated , in full , in 2018 and all subsequent years ( Note 20 ) .
On February 11 , 2015 Regen entered into a written employment agreement with its current Chief Executive Officer , Mr. David Koos whereby Mr. Koos shall serve as Chief Executive Officer of Regen ( Agreement ) .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Summit Materials , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarterly period ended July 1 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Thomas W. Hill , Chief Executive Officer of Summit Materials , LLC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
A gain on sale of investments in unconsolidated affiliates of $ 94 million was recognized during the three months ended June 30 , 2016 resulting from the sale of COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS INC unconsolidated minority equity interests in Valley Health System LLC , a joint venture with UHS representing four hospitals in Las Vegas , Nevada , in which COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS INC owned a 27.5 % interest , and in Summerlin Hospital Medical Center LLC , a joint venture with UHS representing one hospital in Las Vegas , Nevada , in which COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS INC owned a 26.1 % interest .
In December 2014 , Cytosorbents Corp entered into a multi - country strategic partnership with Fresenius Medical Care AG Co KGaA , ( Fresenius ) , to commercialize the CytoSorb therapy .
( the Company ) for the period ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , M. Michelle Berrey , as Principal Executive Officer of CHIMERIX INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to my knowledge : .
ESTEE LAUDER COMPANIES INC operate on a global basis , with the majority of ESTEE LAUDER COMPANIES INC net sales generated outside the United States .
Mr. Goodman joined DLJ in February of 1988 as the founder of the High Yield Capital Markets Group .
Mr. McKay also serves as chief executive officer and a member of the board of managers of Trans - Pacific Aerospace Company , Inc.
For the year ended December 25 , 2016 , New Media Investment Group Inc. circulation revenue increased by $ 43.2 million , or 11.4 % , as compared to the year ended December 27 , 2015 , of which $ 32.0 million relates to acquisitions .
During 2016 , the companies included in the new Peer Group are Anixter International Inc , Avnet , Inc , Celestica Inc , Flextronics International Ltd , Jabil Circuit , Inc , Tech Data Corporation , and WESCO International , Inc.
To accept this Agreement , please sign where indicated below , and return on or before May 15 , 2017 in a confidential envelope to Robin Harris , Vice President of Human Resources , Atlas Energy Group , LLC , 1845 Walnut Street , Philadelphia , PA 19103 .
Unless the context requires otherwise , as used in this Form 10 - Q , the terms HCI , HCI Group , Inc , us , HCI Group , Inc , HCI Group , Inc , HCI Group , Inc. company , and similar references refer to HCI Group , Inc , a Florida corporation incorporated in 2006 , and its subsidiaries .
The Kopple Options vest at a rate of 500,000 shares per year , beginning September 1 , 2014 , provided that any unvested options will immediately vest and become exercisable upon Mr. Kopple s resignation , death , incapacity or failure to serve as a director and Chairman of Triton Emission Solutions Inc. Board of Directors other than as a result of a removal for cause or a failure to be re - elected resulting from Mr. Kopple s refusal to stand for re - election or if Mr. Kopple or his affiliates fail to vote their respective shares in favor of Mr. Kopple s re - election or re - appointment .
Since 2006 , Mr. Anzalone has also served as the Chief Executive Officer of Promethean Corp , a Nevada corporation that manufactures and distributes natural , soy - based candle wax , candle making supplies and other related products .
Ms. Fitt served as Secretary ( CEO ) of the Royal Academy of Arts in London from October 2002 to March 2005 .
The decrease was primarily in ALAMO GROUP INC 's U.S. operations .
He resigned his positions with CG K in 2005 when he formed the Sierra Consulting Group , LLC .
Industry research sources have recently provided optimistic outlooks for U.S. construction spending , including FMI Construction Outlook , which estimates total U.S. construction spending to grow by more than 6.3 % each year from 2015 to 2019 .
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ( Subsections ( a ) and ( b ) of Section 1350 , Chapter 63 of Title 18 , United States Code ) , each of the undersigned , William A. Siskovic , President and Principal Executive Officer of Everflow Eastern Partners , L.P. ( the Company ) , and Brian A. Staebler , Vice President , Secretary - Treasurer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of EVERFLOW EASTERN PARTNERS LP , hereby certify that , to his knowledge : .
I , Eric Slifka , President and Chief Executive Officer of Global GP LLC , the general partner of Global Partners LP , certify that : .
At December 31 , 2016 , the construction costs included in CWIP totaled $ 386 million .
Lumos Networks Corp. are headquartered in Waynesboro , Virginia and own offices and facilities in a number of locations within Lumos Networks Corp. operating markets .
Mr. Vogel currently serves as a director of Ship Finance International Ltd. ( NYSE - listed under SFL ) and on the Lloyd s Register North America Advisory Committee .
Prior to July 16 , 2014 , the date of the IMTT Acquisition , MIC accounted for its 50 % investment in IMTT under the equity method of accounting .
Differential Brands Group Inc. entered into several agreements , including a stock purchase agreement , a convertible note , a registration rights agreement , an employment agreement and a non - competition agreement with Peter Kim , the Chief Executive Officer of Hudson , in connection with the acquisition of Hudson .
Restricted Share Awards A summary of FTI CONSULTING INC unvested restricted share activity during the year ended December 31 , 2015 is presented below .
Mr. Montgomery was the Chairman of The Institute for OneWorld Health from 2000 - 2010 .
In January 2017 , TIPTREE INC . sold its investment in Telos 5 for consideration of $ 15.9 million which resulted in deconsolidation for the 2017 period .
Mr. Dhanani served as Telenav , Inc. vice president , growth strategy and partnerships from July 2012 to January 2014 , as Telenav , Inc. vice president , products from August 2010 to July 2012 and as Telenav , Inc. vice president , products and marketing from August 2009 to August 2010 .
( 2 ) Mr. Reich became SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer on April 1 , 2015 .
That said , I m pleased to share that Scott Gunther has been promoted to the Executive Leadership Team as Senior Vice President of Quality Regulatory Affairs , assuming Sharon s responsibilities in leading the global quality team to ensure the safety of Catalent , Inc. products .
In particular , ARDELYX , INC . are highly dependent upon Michael Raab , ARDELYX , INC . President and Chief Executive Officer , Reginald Seeto , MBBS , Jeremy Caldwell , Ph . D , ARDELYX , INC . Chief Scientific Officer and David Rosenbaum , Ph . D , ARDELYX , INC . Chief Development Officer .
However , when considering these forward - looking statements , you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements in this report and in the 2016 10 - K. Those risk factors and other factors noted throughout this report and in the 2016 10 - K could cause 8point3 Energy Partners LP actual results to differ materially from those disclosed in any forward - looking statement .
COPART INC has not provided for U.S. federal income and foreign withholding taxes on its foreign subsidiaries undistributed earnings as of January 31 , 2016 because COPART INC intends to reinvest such earnings indefinitely in its foreign operations .
As disclosed in greater detail elsewhere in this report , Mr. William s employment with HRG GROUP , INC . terminated on January 1 , 2016 , Mr. Maura s employment with HRG GROUP , INC . terminated on November 29 , 2016 and Mr. Asali and HRG GROUP , INC . have entered into a Transition Agreement pursuant to which his employment with HRG GROUP , INC . is expected to cease during Fiscal 2017 .
Hughes Satellite Systems Corp and EchoStar have agreed that Hughes Satellite Systems Corp shall have the right , but not the obligation , to receive from EchoStar certain corporate services , including among other things : treasury , tax , accounting and reporting , risk management , legal , internal audit , human resources , and information technology .
Mr. Braun became a director of PLURISTEM THERAPEUTICS INC in July 2005 .
Cash flows used in investing activities in 2014 primarily consisted of additions to the investment portfolio of CENTENE CORP regulated subsidiaries , including transfers from cash and cash equivalents to long term investments , the acquisition of U.S. Medical Management and CHS , an equity investment in Ribera Salud and capital expenditures .
Mr. Graves served as the Chief Business Development Officer of Entegris Minnesota since September 2002 and from September 2003 until August 2004 he also served as Senior Vice President of Finance .
In March 2017 , a third purported class action James McIntire v. Ally Financial Inc. et al . was filed in the Circuit Court for Wayne County in the State of Michigan ( Case No . 17 - 003811 - CZ ) .
At December 31 , 2016 , the Bank 's total investment in Great Southern Financial Corporation ( " GSFC " ) was $ 6.2 million .
Curtis O. Kawlewski Curtis O. Kawlewski Chief Financial Officer . nulm-20170630.xml .
Anatolii Antontcev _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Anatolii Antontcev , President , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer .
For the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , income/(loss ) from unconsolidated entities of $ ( 9.8 ) million was attributable to the Operating Partnership s ownership interest in the DownREIT Partnership as compared to $ ( 23.4 ) million for the comparable period in 2016 .
Past Directorships Mr. Johnston has served on the boards of Span America Medical Systems , Inc , Pacific Northern Gas , Central Vermont Public Service Corporation , Galvanic Applied Sciences , Fyffes PLC , The Hudson s Bay Company , Canada s National History Society and Carolina Youth Development Center .
Neither Mr. Rady , the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Antero Midstream Partners LP general partner , nor Mr. Warren , the President and Secretary of Antero Midstream Partners LP general partner , is considered by the Board to be an independent director because of his employment with Antero .
Assets and liabilities of BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC s foreign operations with functional currencies other than the U.S. dollar are translated at the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date , while revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the year .
On July 5 , 2013 , WASTE MANAGEMENT INC paid C$ 509 million , or $ 481 million , to acquire substantially all of the assets of RCI Environnement , Inc. ( RCI ) , the largest waste management company in Quebec , and certain related entities .
On February 9 , 2010 , Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. Registration Statement on Form S-11 ( File No . 333 - 154750 ) , registering a public offering of up to $ 250,000,000 in shares of Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. common stock to the public in Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. primary offering at a price of $ 10.00 per share and up to $ 23,750,000 in shares of common stock to Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. stockholders pursuant to Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. distribution reinvestment plan at $ 9.50 per share , was declared effective by the SEC and Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. commenced Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. initial public offering .
The difference between net cash used in operating activities and aTYR PHARMA INC net loss during the six month ended June 30 , 2017 was due primarily to aTYR PHARMA INC net losses of $ 26.0 million and changes in aTYR PHARMA INC net working capital of $ 0.5 million , partially offset by non - cash - charges consisting primarily of $ 2.5 million for stock - based compensation and $ 0.4 million for depreciation and amortization .
government regulations could limit MOOG INC . ability to sell MOOG INC . products outside the United States and otherwise adversely affect MOOG INC . business ; .
In this Form 10 - K , unless specifically stated otherwise or the context otherwise indicates , references to Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc , Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc , us and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. company refer to Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc , a Maryland corporation , Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure , L.P , and any of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. other subsidiaries .
Executive Employment Agreement dated October 19 , 2007 , between FelCor and Richard A. Smith ( filed as Exhibit 10.1 to FelCor s Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended September 30 , 2007 and incorporated herein by reference ) .
ENSIGN GROUP , INC operate one or more affiliated skilled nursing facilities in the states of Arizona , California , Colorado , Idaho , Iowa , Kansas , Nebraska , Nevada , South Carolina , Texas , Utah , Washington and Wisconsin .
PRICE T ROWE GROUP INC effective income tax rate also reflects the relative contribution of pre - tax income generated by PRICE T ROWE GROUP INC foreign subsidiaries that are subject to tax rates lower than PRICE T ROWE GROUP INC U.S. rates .
Also , Nebraska banking laws govern the amount of dividends that WFB can pay to Cabela s. On March 31 , 2017 , WFB paid a dividend of $ 50 million to Cabela s. At April 1 , 2017 , CABELAS INC had unrestricted retained earnings of $ 215 million available for dividends .
SWIFT ENERGY CO disclose important factors that could cause SWIFT ENERGY CO actual results to differ materially from SWIFT ENERGY CO expectations under " Risk factors " in Item 1A of SWIFT ENERGY CO annual report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 .
China Auto Logistics Inc Web - based Advertising Services revenue decreased 74.32 % to $ 6,445 for the six - month period ended June 30 , 2017 from $ 25,100 for the same period in the prior year .
As a result of the factors discussed above , HYPERDYNAMICS CORP loss from operations decreased by $ 4.0 million from $ 7.7 million in the six months ended December 31 , 2014 to $ 3.8 million for the six months ended December 31 , 2015 .
Represents the amount owed under a retiring allowance agreement with Jeremy Kendall , SunOpta Inc. s former CEO , who remains a member of the board of directors .
Richard D. Kamolvathin Richard D. Kamolvathin Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer )
Upon the consummation of Blackstone Group L.P. initial public offering in June 2007 , Blackstone Group L.P. entered into a founding member agreement with Blackstone Group L.P. founder , Mr. Schwarzman , which provides specified benefits to him following his retirement .
Prior to joining Symantec , Mr. Noviello served as Blue Coat s Chief Financial Officer from January 2016 to August 2016 , when SYMANTEC CORP acquired that company .
( Legacy TWC ) , Charter Communications , Inc. prior to the closing of the Merger Agreement ( Legacy Charter ) , CCH I , LLC , previously a wholly owned subsidiary of Legacy Charter and certain other subsidiaries of CCH I , LLC were completed ( the TWC Transaction , and together with the Bright House Transaction described below , the Transactions ) .
Future dividends will be at the discretion of Hatteras Financial Corp board of directors and will depend on Hatteras Financial Corp earnings and financial condition , maintenance of Hatteras Financial Corp REIT qualification , restrictions on making distributions under Maryland law and such other factors as Hatteras Financial Corp board of directors deems relevant .
Mr. Smith is an award - winning producer and entrepreneur with over 10 years of experience in Non - Fiction Television .
On March 9 , 2010 , CPI Card Group Inc. purchased certain assets of Premier Card Solutions , a leading provider of Financial Payment Cards , data personalization services and tamper - evident security packaging for Prepaid Debit Cards that utilize the payment networks of the Payment Card Brands .
Revlon , Inc. and Products Corporation also entered into a real property asset transfer agreement with Revlon Holdings .
In 201 3 , SKYWEST INC sold its 30 % ownership interest in Mekong Aviation Joint Stock Company , an airline operating in Vietnam ( Air Mekong ) .
InspireMD , Inc. are entitled to terminate Mr. Shore s employment immediately at any time for cause ( as such term is defined in the agreement and the Israeli Severance Payment Act 1963 ) , upon which , after meeting certain requirements under the applicable law and recent Israeli Labor court requirements , InspireMD , Inc. believe InspireMD , Inc. will have no further obligation to compensate Mr. Shore .
ENTEGRIS INC conduct a significant amount of ENTEGRIS INC sales activity and manufacturing efforts outside the United States , which subjects us to additional business risks and may cause ENTEGRIS INC profitability to decline due to increased costs .
ORANCO INC was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 16 , 1977 .
United Kingdom and the European Union CECP Advisors LLP ( CECP ) , one of Carlyle Group L.P. subsidiaries in the United Kingdom , is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority ( the FCA ) .
In lieu of Louisiana state income tax , IBERIABANK is subject to the Louisiana bank shares tax , portions of which are included in both " non - interest expense " and " income tax expense " in IBERIABANK CORP s consolidated statements of comprehensive income .
Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. may experience fluctuations in Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. quarterly results .
As Mr. Leahey s services were provided to AUTHENTIDATE HOLDING CORP pursuant to an engagement agreement between AUTHENTIDATE HOLDING CORP and Windham Brannon , P.C. AUTHENTIDATE HOLDING CORP also terminated its agreement with Windham Brannon effective as of January 31 , 2017 .
Prior to joining FEI - Elcom , Mr. Davis held leadership positions at other technology companies including General Manager of Hewlett Packard s ( Agilent ) Semiconductor Systems Center , Vice President and General Manager of Schlumberger Technologies N.A. and Vice President and General Manager of Gretag Macbeth LLC .
Effective September 4 , 2015 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Cancen Oil Canada whereby Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. agrees to sell all right , title and interest of Alta Disposal Morinville Ltd. assets for total purchase price of CAD$10,000 approximately USD$7,466 .
Mr. Harned currently serves on the board of directors of Quad / Graphics , Inc , a global printer and media channel integrator , and served on the board of directors of bswift , LLC , a human resources and employee benefits software - as - a - service business until 2015 .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ( 1 ) Dr. Fink joined Maxwell as President and Chief Executive Officer , and was appointed a director in May 2014 , therefore his 2014 compensation in the table above reflects only a partial year .
The declining balance of the FDIC loss share receivable and related amortization also contributed $ 23.2 million to the increase in interest income .
Buyer : ( i ) Certificates with respect to YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . issued by the appropriate Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction in which YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . was incorporated or formed and all other jurisdictions in which YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . is qualified to do business , as of a date no more than fifteen ( 15 ) days prior to the Closing Date , stating that YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
Mark A. Denien Mark A. Denien Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the General Partner .
Sharon Esposito - Mayer Sharon Esposito - Mayer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
CALLAWAY GOLF CO did not make any additional investment in Topgolf during the three months ended March 31 , 2017 .
John B. Frank is Oaktree s Vice Chairman and works closely with Messrs. Marks , Karsh and Wintrob in managing the firm .
General and Administrative Expense The $ 4.4 million decrease in general and administrative expense for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 as compared to the three months ended March 31 , 2016 was primarily attributable to a decrease of $ 2.4 million in compensation due to restructuring activities in 2016 and a decrease of $ 0.9 million related to early duvelisib commercial activities .
On May 5 , 2015 in connection with the appointment of Ross Dove as Chief Executive Officer and Kirk Dove as Chief Operating Officer and President , Mr. Silber resigned the position of President .
Previously , Mr. Martin served as Managing Director Institutional Investment Operations of Morgan Stanley Investment Management from January 1995 until April 2004 , where his responsibilities included trading room support , portfolio administration , service provider management , and derivatives processing and control .
Overview , History and Recent Developments Heritage Global Inc. ( HGI ) was incorporated in Florida in 1983 under the name MedCross , Inc. Heritage Global Inc. s name was changed to I - Link Incorporated in 1997 , to Acceris Communications Inc. in 2003 , to C2 Global Technologies Inc. in 2005 , to Counsel RB Capital Inc. in 2011 , and to Heritage Global Inc. in 2013 .
ALABAMA POWER CO also increased its borrowing ability under the Facility to $ 600 million from $ 500 million .
NETLIST INC s manufacturing operations in the PRC are subject to various political , geographic and economic risks and uncertainties inherent to conducting business in the PRC .
As of December 31 , 2016 and June 30 , 2017 , Endurance International Group Holdings , Inc. s financial assets or liabilities required to be measured on a recurring basis are accrued earn - out consideration payable in connection with the 2012 acquisition of certain assets of Mojoness , Inc , or Mojo , and the 2015 interest rate cap .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report of Syniverse Holdings , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 ( the Report ) , I , Stephen C. Gray , President and Chief Executive Officer of SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC , hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to my knowledge : ( 1 )
Pursuant to the agreement , Mr. Hofmann agreed to sell and Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. agreed to purchase 50 % of the issued and outstanding common shares of Tero ( the Tero Shares ) in exchange for an aggregate of CAD$1,000,000 .
Mr. Roberts also previously served as a member of the District 10 Regional Consultative Committee of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority , the Market Regulation Advisory Board of the FINRA , and the Legal Advisory Board of the FINRA .
In connection with the Private Placement , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into a Registration Rights Agreement ( the Private Placement Registration Rights Agreement ) with the investors in the Private Placement and Roth Capital Partners , LLC , pursuant to which it agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-1 , with the SEC , covering the resale of Registrable Securities ( as defined below ) ( which includes the shares of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s common stock that were issuable upon conversion of shares of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s preferred stock originally issued in the Private Placement and shares of the Company s common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and shares of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s common stock that were issuable upon exercise of the Roth Warrant ) , on or before the date which is 30 days after the closing date of the Private Placement , and to use its commercially reasonable efforts to have such registration statement declared effective by the SEC as soon as practicable .
On September 1 , 2006 , the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania approved a Stipulated Order and Settlement Agreement under which Cytosorbents Corp and Purolite agreed to the settlement of the action .
Mr. Mondry was the President and Chief Executive Officer of CSK Auto Corporation , a specialty retailer of automotive aftermarket parts , from August 2007 to July 2008 .
As of March 31 , 2017 , MAM SOFTWARE GROUP , INC . was in compliance with its loan covenants .
This Agreement ( this Agreement ) is made and entered into by and between ProActive Capital Resources Group LLC , dba PCG Advisory Group ( the Consultant ) and Arkados Group , Inc , located at 211 Warren Street , Suite 320 , Newark , NJ 07103 ( the Client ) on May 22 nd , 2017 .
Jon S. Saxe , J.D , LL.M. has served as Chairman of VistaGen Therapeutics , Inc. Board since 2000 , first as Chairman of the Board of Directors of VistaGen California , then as Chairman of VistaGen Therapeutics , Inc. Board after completion of the Merger .
( Lisite Science ) was formed in June 20 , 2016 and Shenzhen Baileqi Electronic Technology Co , Ltd. ( Baileqi electronic ) was formed in August 8 , 2016 .
Prior to July 2013 , Mr. Gorczynski served as Senior Vice President and Managing Director of Accounting and Financial Reporting for BNC BANCORP and the Bank .
Based on a review of Mr. Hendrix s increased responsibilities and contributions to FBR & Co. company as Chief Executive Officer , the benefits of further aligning Mr. Hendrix s short and long - term interests with those of FBR & Co. company and shareholders , and a review of Mr. Hendrix s equity ownership as Chief Executive Officer of FBR & Co. company , on February 9 , 2010 , the Board approved the award of options to purchase 62,500 shares of FBR & Co. company s common stock under the 2006 LTIP .
Executive Overview Below are PPG INDUSTRIES INC key financial results for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 : .
Further , CFCRE Commercial Mortgage Trust 2011 - C2 examination was not designed to detect material noncompliance that may have occurred prior to the period covered by this report and that may have affected CFCRE Commercial Mortgage Trust 2011 - C2 s servicing activities during the period covered by this report .
By 2013 Takaaki Takaaki had incorporated and founded Hellene Omotesando Beauty Clinic .
To date , OWC has signed three research collaboration and license agreements with Sheba Academic Medical Center located in Tel Hashomer , Israel ( Sheba ) .
RADIAN GROUP INC Services segment s adjusted pretax operating loss was $ 6.6 million and $ 16.0 million for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 , respectively , compared to adjusted pretax operating losses of $ 5.8 million and $ 15.7 million for the same periods in 2016 .
At June 30 , 2017 , DIGITAL POWER CORP 's investment in AVLP is comprised of convertible promissory notes of $ 2,491 , net of unamortized discount , and marketable equity securities of $ 91 .
Michael Brown Name : Michael Brown Title : Senior Vice President as a Conduit Purchaser .
Wowio , Inc. held a security interest in the assets of TCP ; .
Robert DaCunha , Chief Financial Officer and Director .
IN WITNESS WHEREOF this certificate is made under the seal of said Southern California Edison Company and signed by Harold Quinton , its President , and T. J. Gamble , its Secretary , this 10th day of February 1958 .
As of December 31 , 2015 , Moody National REIT I , Inc. owned the Woodlands Hotel , the Germantown Hotel , the Charleston Hotel , the Austin Hotel , the Grapevine Hotel , the joint venture interest in the Lyndhurst Hotel , the Austin Arboretum Hotel , the Great Valley Hotel , the Nashville Hotel , the Homewood Suites Austin Hotel , the joint venture interest in the Fort Worth Hotel , the joint venture interest in the Hyatt Place note , and one note receivable from a related party .
Failure to maintain CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT existing credit ratings could affect CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT cost of funds and related margins and liquidity position .
Fidelity & Guaranty Life maintains a policy of requiring all derivative contracts to be governed by an International Swaps and Derivatives Association ( ISDA ) Master Agreement .
Dennis F. Beardslee Owner , Terrace Lanes Bowling Center Jan E. Fisher Executive Vice President / COO Susquehanna Health System R. Bruce Haner Retired auto buyer for new car dealers Susan E. Hartley Attorney At Law Edward H. Owlett , Ill President and CEO , Putnam Company J. Bradley Scovill President and CEO Leonard Simpson Attorney At Law and Sullivan County District Attorney James E. Towner Retired General Manager , The Scranton Times Ann M. Tyler CPA , Ann M. Tyler CPA 2015 Executive Team J. Bradley Scovill President and CEO Shelley L. D ' Haene EVP and Senior Operations Officer Stan Dunsmore EVP and Chief Credit Officer Harold F. Hoose , Ill EVP and Director of Lending Division Mark A. Hughes EVP and Director of Finance Division John M. Reber EVP and Director of Risk Management Thomas L. Rudy , Jr. EVP and Director of Branch Delivery Deborah E. Scott EVP and Director of Trust Division I like to create a true win - win relationship I didn ' t choose C N Bank for any one particular reason ; it was really a combination of several reasons .
For the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 , compared to the same periods in 2016 , the decrease in BIOGEN INC . effective tax rate was primarily due to a lower relative percentage of BIOGEN INC . earnings being recognized in the U.S , a high tax jurisdiction , along with a higher deduction for U.S. manufacturing activities .
On October 28 , 2015 , Ominto , Inc. entered into an employment agreement with Jeffrey Schuett to serve as Executive Vice President of Operations and Technology Solutions of Ominto , Inc. for a term of five ( 5 ) years , with successive one year renewals .
The impairment condition was considered to be other than temporary , and therefore NUCOR CORP recorded a $ 153.0 million impairment charge against NUCOR CORP s investment in Duferdofin Nucor in the fourth quarter of 2015 .
China Sinostar Group Company Limited ( Sinostar ) ( formerly Shihua Development Company Limited ) , through its wholly owned subsidiary koncepts International Limited ( koncepts ) , is a major shareholder of SINGING MACHINE CO INC , owning approximately 49 % of SINGING MACHINE CO INC shares of common stock outstanding on a fully diluted basis as of March 31 , 2017 .
The board of directors also decided to close Sevion Therapeutics , Inc. s Bridgewater , New Jersey office in order to consolidate all of Sevion Therapeutics , Inc. s operations in its San Diego , California location and terminated its research agreement with the University of Waterloo .
Mr. Quist is currently a director and a past president of the National Alliance of Life Companies , a trade association of over 200 life companies .
Executive Officers Richard Murray , Ph . D , has served as Jounce Therapeutics , Inc. president , chief executive officer and a director on Jounce Therapeutics , Inc. board of directors since July 2014 .
In addition , as a result of the Satellite and Tracking Stock Transaction described in Note 3 below , DISH Network owns shares of Hughes Satellite Systems Corp preferred tracking stock representing a 28.11 % economic interest in the residential retail satellite broadband business of Hughes Satellite Systems Corp Hughes segment .
Very limited hedging transactions are available in China to reduce YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . exposure to exchange rate fluctuations .
As of December 31 , 2014 , the total assets of American Funeral Financial were $ 19,153,000 and total equity was $ 1,680,000 .
Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. 's unaudited quarterly results for 2015 and 2014 reflect the condensed consolidated operating results of IBG , Inc. and its subsidiaries .
Mr. Richard Areglado , ICAD INC Vice President and Corporate Controller , and Former Interim Chief Financial Officer On September 12 , 2016 , ICAD INC entered into a severance and change in control agreement with Mr. Areglado that provides for certain benefits under various termination scenarios .
Huang Pin Lung , President , CEO , and Director of .
From January 2013 to September 2015 , Mr. Jackson served as executive vice president and chief financial officer at JDS Uniphase Corporation , a provider of test and measurement solutions and optical components to the telecommunications industry , after having served as chief financial officer on an interim basis from September 2012 to January 2013 .
CEB Segment Revenue In 2016 , revenue increased $ 29.8 million , or 4.1 % , to $ 761.6 million from $ 731.8 million in 2015 .
License and Collaboration Agreement On January 4 , 2017 , Pieris entered into a License and Collaboration Agreement ( the Collaboration Agreement ) and a Non - Exclusive Anticalin Platform Technology License Agreement ( the License Agreement and together with the Collaboration Agreement , the Agreements ) with Les Laboratoires Servier and Institut de Recherches Internationales Servier ( collectively , Servier ) , pursuant to which Pieris and Servier will initially pursue five bispecific therapeutic programs , led by Pieris PRS-332 program , a PD-1 - targeting bispecific checkpoint inhibitor .
Ambac s accelerated premium revenue for retired obligations for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 was $ 16,280 and $ 14,976 , respectively .
J. Ryan Ruhlman has worked for PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO for over eleven years , was elected to the Company s Board of Directors in July 2015 and as Vice President - Marketing and Business Development in December 2015 .
On September 18 , 2009 , Mexus Gold US changed its domicile to Nevada and changed its name to Mexus Gold US to better reflect Mexus Gold US s new planned principle business operations .
State law Michigan and State law California On or about the Closing Date the Seller will file the UCC financing statements naming each of the Originators as Seller , Greif CC as Buyer , and Main SPV as the Assignee of the Buyer with the District of Columbia UCC filing office ( the Filing Office ) and the UCC-1 financing statement naming Greif CC as Seller and Main SPV as Buyer for filing with the Filing Office .
Jeffrey R. Armstrong has served as a director of Tallgrass Energy Partners , LP general partner and as a member of the audit committee of Tallgrass Energy Partners , LP general partner since April 2014 .
If DEXCOM INC effective tax rates were to increase , particularly in the United States , or if the ultimate determination of DEXCOM INC taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued , DEXCOM INC financial condition , operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected .
Thomas J. Meredith has served as a member of Bazaarvoice Inc Board since August 2010 , as a member of Bazaarvoice Inc audit committee since August 2010 , as a member of Bazaarvoice Inc compensation committee since August 2013 , having been chairman of the compensation committee from August 2013 until October 2015 , and as chairman of Bazaarvoice Inc Board since August 2011 .
On April 26 , 2016 , UNITED STATES STEEL CORP 's stockholders approved the Omnibus Plan and authorized UNITED STATES STEEL CORP to issue up to 7,200,000 shares of U. S. Steel common stock under the Omnibus Plan .
Prior to 2006 , Mr. Sherman served in various executive roles at Guidant Corporation , including Vice President of Finance and Strategic Planning , Vice President of Finance for Europe , Middle East , Africa and Canada and Corporate Controller .
FNF will also have the right , provided that FNF has first requested the Company to remarket the preferred shares , commencing 10 years after the issuance of the preferred shares , to convert such shares into a number of ordinary shares of CF Corp as determined by dividing ( i ) the aggregate par value ( including dividends paid in kind and unpaid accrued dividends ) of the preferred shares that FNF wishes to convert by ( ii ) the higher of ( a ) a 5 % discount to the 30 - day VWAP of the ordinary shares following the conversion notice , and ( b ) the then - current Floor Price .
Becton Dickinson Transaction On April 23 , 2017 , Bard entered into Agreement and Plan of Merger ( the Merger Agreement ) with Becton , Dickinson and Company ( BD ) and Lambda Corp , a wholly owned subsidiary of BD ( Merger Corp ) , pursuant to which Bard will merge with Merger Corp and become a wholly owned subsidiary of BD ( the Merger ) .
Lincolnway Energy , LLC ( the " Company " ) , located in Nevada , Iowa , was formed in May 2004 to build and operate a 50 million gallon annual production dry mill corn - based ethanol plant .
Accordingly , they do not include all of the disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for complete financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended April 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of Force Protection Video Equipment Corp. s Form 10 - K.
On December 10 , 2014 , Orbital Tracking Corp. purchased certain contracts from Global Telesat Corp , a Virginia corporation ( GTC ) for $ 250,000 pursuant to an asset purchase agreement by and among Orbital Tracking Corp , its wholly owned subsidiary Orbital Satcom , GTC and World Surveillance Group , Inc. ( World ) , GTC s parent .
Mr. Sisko joined Safeguard as Senior Vice President and General Counsel in August 2007 and served as Executive Vice President and Managing Director from November 2012 until his promotion to Chief Operating Officer , Executive Vice President and Managing Director in January 2014 .
The housing market collapse and world events outside CONDOR HOSPITALITY TRUST , INC . control , suc h as terrorism , have adversely a ffected the economy in the recent past and contributed to CONDOR HOSPITALITY TRUST , INC . net losses of $ 16.3 million , $ 1.4 million , $ 10.2 million , and $ 17.5 million for CONDOR HOSPITALITY TRUST , INC . 2014 , 2013 , 2012 , and 2011 fiscal years , respectively .
If Cytosorbents Corp are unable to maintain listing on The NASDAQ or if a liquid market for Cytosorbents Corp common stock does not develop , Cytosorbents Corp common stock may remain thinly traded .
In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of The American Energy Group , Ltd. ( the Company ) for the period ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , R. Pierce Onthank , President and chief executive and chief financial and accounting officer of AMERICAN ENERGY GROUP LTD , certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Certain information and note disclosures normally included in Bravatek Solutions , Inc. s annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted .
Including GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC time as part of GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC former parent company , GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC have been in the payment technology services business since 1967 .
On December 4 , 2015 , LSB entered into a securities purchase agreement ( the Securities Purchase Agreement ) with , LSB Funding LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( the Purchaser ) , and Security Benefit Corporation , a Kansas corporation ( the Purchaser Guarantor ) both of which are unrelated third parties , pursuant to which LSB agreed to sell to the Purchaser , in a private placement ( the Private Placement ) exempt from registration under the Securities Act .
In 1999 , while attending the University of the Far East , Presentacion was employed by Philippines Long Distance Telecommunication Co. and was responsible for accounts receivable , collections and worked part time in the internal audit department where she assisted with filing with the Securities Exchange Commission of the Philippines .
Mr. Gary Schuman , who was the Chief Financial Officer of theMaven , Inc. until May 15 , 2017 , is also the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer of MDB .
Hawaii Gas entered into licensing agreements with Utility Service Partners , Inc. and America s Water Heater Rentals , LLC , both indirect subsidiaries of Macquarie Group Limited , to enable these entities to offer products and services to Hawaii Gas s customer base .
The accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Immunomedics , which incorporate IMMUNOMEDICS INC subsidiaries , have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) , for interim financial information and the instructions to the Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q and Regulation S X.
Essent Group Ltd. combined risk - to - capital calculation for Essent Group Ltd. U.S. insurance subsidiaries as of December 31 , 2015 was as follows : .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC reported amounts of assets , liabilities , revenues and expenses .
Until April 2015 , El Dorado Chemical Company ( EDC ) , a subsidiary within LSB INDUSTRIES INC Chemical Business supplied Orica International Pte Ltd ( Orica ) with an annual minimum of 240,000 tons of industrial grade AN pursuant to a cost plus a fixed dollar amount of profit supply agreement .
Leadership Consulting net revenue increased $ 6.6 million , or 45.5 % , to $ 21.2 million for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 from $ 14.6 million for the six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 Overview Business NVR INC primary business is the construction and sale of single - family detached homes , townhomes and condominiums , all of which are primarily constructed on a pre - sold basis .
Prior to that , Mr. Rackear served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel for NPS Pharmaceuticals , and Vice President and General Counsel for Chugai Pharma USA and Amersham Biosciences Corp , where he also served as President of North American Operations .
The graph below compares the total cumulative five - year return on COMPUTER SCIENCES CORP common stock through COMPUTER SCIENCES CORP fiscal year ended March 31 , 2017 to : ( i ) Standard Poor s 500 index and ( ii ) Standard Poor s North American Technology Index ( 1 ) .
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Nortech Systems Incorporated and its wholly owned subsidiaries , Manufacturing Assembly Solutions of Monterrey , Inc. and Nortech Systems Hong Kong Company , Limited and its subsidiary , Nortech Systems Suzhou Company , Limited .
There is still uncertainty with respect to the impact President Trump s administration and the U.S. Congress may have , if any , and any changes will likely take time to unfold .
The reduction of distributions is a result of the sale of Spectra Energy Partners , LP interests in DCP Sand Hills Pipeline , LLC ( Sand Hills ) and DCP Southern Hills Pipeline , LLC ( Southern Hills ) to Spectra Energy in October 2015 .
Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting and Financial Reporting Policies On January 27 , 2016 , GCP entered into a separation agreement pursuant to which Grace agreed to transfer its Grace Construction Products operating segment and the packaging technologies business , operated under the Darex name , of its Grace Materials Technologies operating segment to GCP ( the " Separation " ) .
In September 2013 , Medovex Corp. entered into a Co - Development Agreement with James Andrews , M.D. ( Dr. Andrews ) , a director of Medovex Corp , whereby Dr. Andrews committed to further evaluate the DenerveX device and to seek to make modifications and improvements to such technology .
In the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , AEROHIVE NETWORKS , INC net losses were $ 9.0 million and $ 12.5 million , respectively .
On July 10 , 2017 , VNUE , Inc. entered into a Licensing Agreement with RockHouse Live Media Productions , Inc , DBA DiscLive or DiscLive Network ( DiscLive ) to formalize the terms of the Strategic Alliance entered into by VNUE , Inc. with DiscLive on July 21 , 2016 .
Mr. Nemser has served as Special Counsel to the law firm Dechert LLP since January 2005 .
Executive Officers of the Registrant The following table and notes set forth information about Applied s executive officers : Name of Individual Position Gary E. Dickerson(1 ) President , Chief Executive Officer Ginetto Addiego(2 ) Senior Vice President , Engineering , Operations and Quality Daniel J. Durn(3 ) Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer Steve Ghanayem(4 ) Senior Vice President , New Markets and Alliances Group Thomas F. Larkins(5 ) Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Omkaram Nalamasu(6 ) Senior Vice President , Chief Technology Officer Prabu Raja(7 ) Senior Vice President , Semiconductor Products Group Ali Salehpour(8 ) Senior Vice President , General Manager , Services , Display and Flexible Technologies Charles Read(9 ) Corporate Vice President , Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer .
All activity through June 30 , 2017 relates to GTY Technology Holdings Inc. formation and the initial public offering and , since the closing of the initial public offering , a search for a business combination candidate .
On April 1 , 2015 , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp completed the acquisition of a 100 % interest in BEC for a purchase price of $ 718.0 million ( net of post - closing working capital adjustments ) , which consisted of $ 208.9 million in cash and the assumption of $ 509.1 million of debt , excluding transaction costs .
Super Micro Computer , Inc. income tax provision is based on Super Micro Computer , Inc. taxable income generated in the jurisdictions in which Super Micro Computer , Inc. operate , primarily the United States , Taiwan and the Netherlands .
Prior to June 28 , 2013 , Morgan Stanley indirectly owned a majority equity interest in MSSB Holdings and Citigroup Inc. indirectly owned a minority equity interest in MSSB Holdings .
As long as 90 % of Carlyle Group L.P. gross income for each taxable year constitutes qualifying income as defined in Section 7704 of the Internal Revenue Code and Carlyle Group L.P. are not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act on a continuing basis , and assuming there is no change in law , Carlyle Group L.P. will be treated , for U.S. federal income tax purposes , as a partnership and not as an association or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Nemus Bioscience , Inc , a Nevada corporation ( the Company ) , on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Brian Murphy , Chief Executive Officer of Nemus Bioscience , Inc , hereby certify , that , to my knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 : .
As of March 31 , 2017 Hercules Capital , Inc. held investments in HT II in 35 companies with a fair value of approximately $ 88.2 million , accounting for approximately 6.3 % of Hercules Capital , Inc. s total investment portfolio at March 31 , 2017 .
Castle Brands Inc is not obligated to pay IDL for any product not yet received .
In connection with this acquisition , Aaron Tsai , Chineseinvestors.com , Inc. former sole officer and director , was replaced by Chineseinvestors.com , Inc. s officers and directors .
On February 11 , 2010 , Western Union Financial Services , Inc. ( " WUFSI " ) , a subsidiary of Western Union CO , signed a settlement agreement ( " Southwest Border Agreement " ) , which resolved all outstanding legal issues and claims with the State of Arizona ( the " State " ) and required Western Union CO to fund a multi - state not - for - profit organization promoting safety and security along the United States and Mexico border , in which California , Texas and New Mexico are participating with the State .
K. Ram Shriram has served as a member of GOOGLE INC . Board of Directors since September 1998 .
Foreign Currency Translation For Nucor s operations where the functional currency is other than the U.S. dollar , assets and liabilities have been translated at year - end exchange rates and income and expenses translated using average exchange rates for the respective periods .
David R. Koos is the sole officer and director of Bio - Matrix Scientific Group Inc.and has voting and dispositive control over shares of Regen held by Bio - Matrix Scientific Group Inc. Includes 71 shares of Regen BioPharma Inc beneficially owned by the AFN Trust for which Mr. Koos serves as trustee .
Mr. D Aniello is a member of The Council for the United States and Italy ; the Lumen Institute ; the U.S. China CEO and Former Senior Officials Dialogue of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce ; Vice Chairman of the American Enterprise Institute for Public Research ; the Board of Trustees of Syracuse University ; the Chancellor s Council ; the Corporate Advisory Council to the Martin J. Whitman School of Management ; Chairman of the Wolf Trap Foundation of the Performing Arts ; and an Advisor to the John Templeton Foundation .
Ms. Kobliha joined PacifiCorp in 1997 and has held various finance positions within PacifiCorp .
The Tender Offer is being made severally , and not jointly , by Icahn Enterprises Holdings and Tropicana and upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Tender Offer , first , Tropicana will severally , and not jointly , purchase 800,000 of the shares properly tendered , and second , Icahn Enterprises will severally , and not jointly , purchase any remaining shares properly tendered , up to a maximum of 4,780,000 shares .
As of September 30 , 2017 , the fair value of EZCORP INC investment in Cash Converters International exceeded its carrying value , though during fiscal 2017 the fair value of EZCORP INC investment in Cash Converters International declined below its carrying value .
Frontier operates its business in the oilfield service industry and is primarily involved in the disposal of saltwater and other oilfield fluids in Texas .
For the six months ended June 30 , 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016 , the decrease was partially offset by an increase of $ 0.4 million in earnings from W. P. Carey Inc. equity investment in CCIF , reflecting a greater increase in the fair value of investments owned by CCIF during the current year period .
Company- Extensive regulation in the United States and abroad affects Carlyle Group L.P. activities and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties , -Regulatory changes in the United States could adversely affect Carlyle Group L.P. business and the possibility of increased regulatory focus could result in additional burdens and expenses on Carlyle Group L.P. business and -Recent regulatory changes in jurisdictions outside the United States could adversely affect Carlyle Group L.P. business .
Sanel Sehic Fax : 212 - 782 - 6448 E - mail : ssehic@us.mufg.jp If to the Sellers : c / o Plexus Corp , as Seller Representative One Plexus Way Neenah , WI 54956 Attn : Florence Makope Email : florence.makope@plexus.com .
Prior to joining Archrock , from April 2013 until June 2015 , Ms. Henderson served as Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of Southcross Energy Partners GP , LLC ( a provider of natural gas gathering , processing , treating , compression and transportation services ) .
Earnings from Everyday Health , Inc. limited non - U.S. activities are subject to local country income tax and may also be subject to U.S. income tax .
During fiscal 2014 , COPART INC terminated a contract with KPIT ( formerly known as Sparta Consulting , Inc. ) , whereby KPIT was engaged to design and implement an SAP - based replacement for COPART INC existing business operating software that , among other things , would address COPART INC international expansion needs .
Model N , Inc. Master Service Agreement between Model N , Inc. and Novo Nordisk Inc. dated December 27 , 2011 .
In addition , in connection with the Transaction , Edgar Lee became Oaktree Strategic Income Corp s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer , Mathew Pendo became Oaktree Strategic Income Corp s Chief Operating Officer , Mel Carlisle became Oaktree Strategic Income Corp s Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and Kimberly Larin became Oaktree Strategic Income Corp s Chief Compliance Officer .
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , Frederic F. Brace , President and Chief Executive Officer of Midstates Petroleum Company , Inc. ( the Company ) , and Nelson M. Haight , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Midstates Petroleum Company , Inc , certify that , to their knowledge : .
Entergy Wholesale Commodities Entergy s non - utility business segment primarily comprised of the ownership , operation , and decommissioning of nuclear power plants , the ownership of interests in non - nuclear power plants , and the sale of the electric power produced by its operating power plants to wholesale customers United States Environmental Protection Agency Financial Accounting Standards Board Federal Energy Regulatory Commission FitzPatrick James A. FitzPatrick Nuclear Power Plant ( nuclear ) , previously owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment , which was sold in March 2017 Form 10 - K Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the calendar year ended December 31 , 2016 filed with the SEC by Entergy Corporation and its Registrant Subsidiaries Grand Gulf Unit No . 1 of Grand Gulf Nuclear Station ( nuclear ) , 90 % owned or leased by System Energy GWh Gigawatt - hour(s ) , which equals one million kilowatt - hours Independence Independence Steam Electric Station ( coal ) , owned 16 % by Entergy Arkansas , 25 % by Entergy Mississippi , and 7 % by Entergy Power , LLC Indian Point 2 Unit 2 of Indian Point Energy Center ( nuclear ) , owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment .
For 2014 , the impact of these claims to LSB INDUSTRIES INC operating results was approximately $ 22.9 million recognized as a reduction to cost of sales and $ 5.1 million recognized as a property insurance recovery in excess of losses incurred .
Subscription Agreement dated October 18 , 2013 between Alta Disposal Ltd. and Alta Disposal Morinville Ltd. ( formerly Blue Tap Resources Inc. ) ( incorporated by reference to Lithium Exploration Group , Inc.
Taking into account OCEANEERING INTERNATIONAL INC results through March 31 , 2017 and OCEANEERING INTERNATIONAL INC outlook for the remainder of 2017 , OCEANEERING INTERNATIONAL INC project OCEANEERING INTERNATIONAL INC 2017 diluted earnings per share to be less than OCEANEERING INTERNATIONAL INC 2016 diluted earnings per share of $ 0.25 .
As of March 31 , 2017 , Moody National REIT I , Inc. owned ( 1 ) ten hotel properties located in Texas , Tennessee , South Carolina and Pennsylvania , comprising a total of 1,273 rooms , ( 2 ) a joint venture interest in a 227 - suite hotel property located in Lyndhurst , New Jersey and a joint venture interest in a 95 - suite hotel property in Fort Worth , Texas , ( 3 ) a loan in the current principal amount of $ 8,000,000 originated to an affiliate of Sponsor used to acquire a commercial property located in Katy , Texas and ( 4 ) a loan in the aggregate principal amount of $ 4,500,000 originated to an affiliate of Sponsor used to acquire a commercial property located in Houston , Texas .
Chairman and Director This annual report has also been signed below by Anne R. Pramaggiore , Attorney - in - Fact , on behalf of the following Directors on the date indicated : .
In the accompanying analysis of financial information , GENERAL ELECTRIC CO sometimes use information derived from consolidated financial data but not presented in GENERAL ELECTRIC CO financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) .
These amounts include $ 320.3 million and $ 283.5 million as of June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , respectively , held in NU SKIN ENTERPRISES INC operations outside of the U.S.
Abtech Holdings , Inc. ( ABHD or the Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on February 13 , 2007 , and has authorized capital stock of 800,000,000 shares of common stock at $ 0.001 par value .
Pursuant to Item 601(b ) ( 4 ) ( iii ) of Regulation S - K promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc ( the Companies ) hereby agree to furnish copies of certain long - term debt instruments to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon the request of the Commission and , in accordance with such regulation , such instruments are not being filed as part of the joint Annual Report on Form 10 - K of the Companies for their year ended November 30 , 2016 .
On May 19 , 2014 , bBooth , Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada .
As a result of prior and anticipated future property dispositions and KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT , Inc. analysis of strategic alternatives , KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT , Inc. terminated KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT , Inc. dividend reinvestment plan effective as of August 20 , 2017 .
Under the terms of the agreement , Georgia Commerce shareholders received 0.6134 of a share of IBERIABANK CORP 's common stock for each of the Georgia Commerce common stock shares outstanding , as well as a cash payment for any fractional share .
Through WASTE MANAGEMENT INC subsidiaries , WASTE MANAGEMENT INC are also a leading developer , operator and owner of landfill gas - to - energy facilities in the United States .
Section 16(a ) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , requires GCP Applied Technologies Inc. s officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 percent of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. s common shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership of such shares with the SEC .
It should be noted that BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC management , including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief President Bear and the Chief Financial Officer , does not expect that BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud .
Energy Services Agreement means the Energy Services Agreement , dated as of September 30 , 2010 , between BEC and DEBM , as assignee of Hess , as amended by the Amendment to Energy Services Agreement , dated June 12 , 2014 .
Other In December 2015 , Martin Currie acquired certain assets of PK Investment Management , LLP ( " PK Investments " ) , a London based equity manager , for an initial cash payment of $ 4,981 and an estimated contingent payment of $ 2,507 due on December 31 , 2017 .
For a reconciliation of ROIC and Economic Return to PLEXUS CORP financial statements that were prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ( " U.S. GAAP " or " GAAP " ) , see Exhibit 99.1 to this annual report on Form 10 - K , which exhibit is incorporated herein by reference .
ENTEGRIS INC results of operations could be adversely affected by climate change or natural catastrophes , such as the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan and the June 2012 wildfires in Colorado Springs , Colorado , in the locations in which ENTEGRIS INC , ENTEGRIS INC customers or ENTEGRIS INC suppliers operate .
internal investigation of the possible sale of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC products by a distributor into Iran and the acquisition of Silanis ; .
MedoveX Corp. ( the Company or MedoveX ) , was incorporated in Nevada on July 30 , 2013 as SpineZ Corp. ( SpineZ ) and changed its name to MedoveX Corp. on March 20 , 2014 .
Unless otherwise indicated or required by the context , when FTI CONSULTING INC use the terms Company , FTI Consulting , FTI CONSULTING INC , us , and FTI CONSULTING INC we mean FTI Consulting , Inc. a Maryland corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries .
Dr. Shmulewitz has vast experience in the venture capital arena as an investor , manager and entrepreneur in dozens of companies and ventures as well as an M.D. Dr. Shmulewitz co - founded San Francisco Science and the Incumed Group for seed investments , and is the founder of Medgenesis Partners Ltd , an Israeli private investment firm and incubator that has invested in over a dozen ventures .
PREFACE PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) .
WORKHORSE RAIL , LLC , a Pennsylvania limited liability company By : /s/ Patrick D. Dugan ( SEAL ) Name : Patrick D. Dugan Title : Vice President , Finance RAILROAD CONTROLS , L.P , a Texas limited partnership By : RCL , L.L.C , its General Partner By : /s/ Patrick D. Dugan ( SEAL ) Name : Patrick D. Dugan Title : Vice President , Finance THERMAL TRANSFER ACQUISITION CORPORATION , a Delaware corporation By : /s/ Patrick D. Dugan ( SEAL ) Name : Patrick D. Dugan Title : Vice President Treasurer AERO TRANSPORTATION PRODUCTS , INC , a Missouri corporation By : /s/ Patrick D. Dugan ( SEAL ) Name : Patrick D. Dugan Title : Vice President Treasurer .
RALPH LAUREN CORP operating results during the three - month periods ended July 1 , 2017 and July 2 , 2016 were negatively impacted by restructuring - related charges , impairment of assets , and certain other charges totaling $ 47.2 million and $ 159.1 million , respectively , which had an after - tax effect of reducing net income by $ 31.6 million , or $ 0.39 per diluted share , and $ 111.8 million , or $ 1.33 per diluted share , respectively .
Duo Software Singapore was incorporated on June 5 , 2007 in the Republic of Singapore under the Companies Act ( Cap 50 . 1994
VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC Background VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC predecessor company , VASCO Corp , entered the data security business in 1991 through the acquisition of a controlling interest in ThumbScan , Inc , which VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC renamed as VASCO Data Security , Inc.
If CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT are unable to pay the principal and interest on CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT indebtedness as it comes due , or CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT default under certain other provisions of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT loan documents , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT indebtedness could be accelerated and CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected .
As part of the Merger Consideration , ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. issued to Jonathan Segal , the former Managing Member of ONE Group and currently ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. 's Chief Executive Officer and a Director , 1,000,000 shares of Common Stock as a control premium .
The increase in oil and natural gas production was primarily a result of Matador Resources Co ongoing delineation and development drilling in the Delaware Basin , which offset declining production in the Eagle Ford and Haynesville shales where Matador Resources Co have significantly reduced Matador Resources Co activity since 2014 and 2015 .
The New York Stock Exchange is the principal market for PEPSICO INC common stock , which is also listed on the Chicago Stock Exchange and SIX Swiss Exchange .
Following the Reorganization , Forterra , Inc. became a wholly owned subsidiary of Forterra US Holdings , LLC , which is indirectly wholly owned by an affiliate of Lone Star .
VIGILANT DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS , INC./NV officer and director , Todd W. L. Vigil , will be in charge of overseeing the expansion of VIGILANT DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS , INC./NV website and the services VIGILANT DIVERSIFIED HOLDINGS , INC./NV intend to offer .
Regional Energy Incentives , LP is owned by entities that are controlled by Anthony F. Keating , III , Co - Chief Operating Officer of the General Partner , Michael J. Mallick , Co - Chief Operating Officer of the General Partner , and David S. McKenney , Chief Financial Officer of the General Partner .
Any inability on TESARO , Inc. part to successfully commercialize TESARO , Inc. products in the United States or any foreign territories where they may be approved , or any significant delay in such approvals , could have a material adverse impact on TESARO , Inc. ability to execute upon TESARO , Inc. business strategy and TESARO ,
One of EDUCATION REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP L P consolidated subsidiaries , University Towers Operating Partnership , LP ( the " University Towers Partnership " ) , holds , owns and operates EDUCATION REALTY OPERATING PARTNERSHIP L P University Towers property located in Raleigh , North Carolina .
Mr. Mount joined Red Lion Hotels CORP company as President and Chief Executive Officer in January 2014 .
FORWARD INDUSTRIES INC future depends , in part , on FORWARD INDUSTRIES INC ability to attract and retain key sales personnel and the continued contribution of FORWARD INDUSTRIES INC executive officers including Terence Wise , FORWARD INDUSTRIES INC Chief Executive Officer , who would be difficult to replace .
UNIT CORP oil and gas operations are substantially located in the United States .
Borrowings under these loan agreements bear interest at a rate of 5.79 % for a borrowing period of six months and are guaranteed by ( i ) Mr. Tong Shiping , China Auto Logistics Inc s Chairman , President and CEO , ( ii )
GENEREX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP operating loss for the quarter ended October 31 , 2016 decreased to $ 102,818 compared to $ 1,317,579 in the same fiscal quarter of fiscal 2015 .
Additionally , during 2015 , GCP Applied Technologies Inc. purchased approximately $ 0.4 million of goods and services from Grace .
HLT Operating Mezz VII - H Limited United Kingdom HLT Operating Mezz VII - I Limited United Kingdom HLT Operating Mezz VII - J Limited United Kingdom HLT Operating Mezz VII - K Limited United Kingdom HLT Operating Mezz V - K Limited United Kingdom HLT Operating VII - A Borrower GmbH Germany HLT Owned II Holding LLC United States HLT Owned II - A Borrower LLC United States HLT Owned IX Holding Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned IX - A Holding Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz IX - A Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz IX - B Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz IX - C Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz IX - D Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz IX - E Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz IX - F Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz IX - G Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz IX - H Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz IX - I Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz IX - J Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz IX - K Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz V - A Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz V - B Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz V - C Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz V - D Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz V - E Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz V - F Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz V - G Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz V - H Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz V - I Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz V - J Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned Mezz V - K Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned V Holding Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned V - A Holding Limited United Kingdom HLT Owned VI - A Holding LLC United States HLT Owned VII Holding LLC United States HLT Owned VII - A Holding LLC United States HLT Palmer LLC United States HLT Prism LLC United States HLT Secretary Limited United Kingdom HLT Stakis IP Limited United Kingdom HLT Stakis Operator Limited United Kingdom HLT Waldorf = Astoria International Manage LLC United States Home2 Brand Management LLC United States Homewood Suites Management LLC United States Hotel Clubs of Corporate Woods , Inc. United States Hotel Corporation of Europe ( Milan Branch ) Italy Hotel Corporation of Europe , LLC United States Hotel Equities Co. United States Hotel Maatschappij Schiphol BV Netherlands .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of ATEL Capital Equipment Fund VIII , LLC ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Paritosh K. Choksi , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of ATEL Financial Services , LLC , Managing Member of ATEL
Selten will pay Stanford earned royalties on Net Sales as follows : .
Mr. Bense served as Vice Chair of Enterprise Florida , the economic development agency for the state , from January 2009 to January 2011 .
Exhibit 2.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K dated December 27 , 2002 .
In addition , President Donald J. Trump has promised and issued several executive orders in 2017 intended to relieve the financial burden created by the Dodd - Frank Act , although these executive orders only set forth several general principles to be followed by the federal agencies and do not mandate the wholesale repeal of the Dodd - Frank Act .
Mr. Talari or Talari Industries , has no relationship or ownership of the other party of this transaction .
On November 21 , 2012 , RAIT Financial Trust entered into a Capital on Demand Sales Agreement , or the COD sales agreement , with JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC , or JonesTrading , pursuant to which RAIT Financial Trust may issue and sell up to 10,000,000 of RAIT Financial Trust common shares from time to time through JonesTrading acting as agent and/or principal , subject to the terms and conditions of the COD sales agreement .
If EMAGIN CORP terminates Mr. Carollo s employment without Cause , or if Mr. Carollo resigns from his employment for Good Reason , or if Mr. Carollo s employment is terminated or significantly changed or his salary is decreased as a result of a Change of Control , then Mr. Carollo will be entitled to either the total amount of the base salary that remains unpaid , or monthly salary payments for twelve ( 12 ) months , based on his monthly rate of base salary at the date of such termination .
From 2002 to 2003 , Clarke was Executive Vice President of Global Operations at Hewlett Packard ( HP ) .
In November 2014 , SKYWEST INC entered into an amended and restated contract with United that accelerated the lease terminations of certain ERJ145 aircraft and accelerated the termination date of SKYWEST INC s flying contract to operate the ERJ145s with United from the year 2020 to 2017 .
Through GENEREX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP wholly - owned subsidiary , Antigen Express , Inc. ( Antigen ) , GENEREX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP have undertaken work on immunomedicines incorporating proprietary vaccine formulations .
FelCor Lodging LP currently have the option to terminate the Morgans management agreements prior to 2026 .
Willdan Group , Inc. report dated March 10 , 2017 , on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 30 , 2016 , contains an explanatory paragraph which states Willdan Group , Inc. acquired substantially all of the assets of Genesys Engineering P.C. ( Genesys ) during 2016 , and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of Willdan Group , Inc. s internal control over financial reporting as of December 30 , 2016 , Genesys internal control over financial reporting associated with total assets of $ 12,927,000 and total revenues of $ 48,645,000 included in the consolidated financial statements of Willdan Group , Inc. and subsidiaries as of and for the year ended December 30 , 2016 .
Anthony J. Restel Anthony J. Restel Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
Additionally , same - store backlog increased due to increased project bookings at COMFORT SYSTEMS USA INC Arizona operation ( $ 25.6 million ) and one of COMFORT SYSTEMS USA INC Texas operations ( $ 15.7 million ) .
FS Bancorp , Inc. have common shares outstanding of 3,527,896 that were calculated using shares outstanding of 3,674,902 at September 30 , 2017 , less 36,842 unvested restricted stock shares , and 110,164 unallocated ESOP shares .
Table of Contents Alphabet Inc. Please read the following discussion and analysis of Alphabet Inc. financial condition and results of operations together with Alphabet Inc. consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Part I , Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q. Executive Overview of Results Below are Alphabet Inc. key financial results for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 ( consolidated unless otherwise noted ): .
Mr. Tywoniuk joined American Midstream Partners , LP in June 2008 to help the management team work through American Midstream Partners , LP 's financially distressed situation .
If the Transactions are not completed for any reason , including as a result of the GCI stockholders or the Liberty stockholders failing to approve the necessary proposals , GCI INC may be subject to numerous risks , including the following : .
As of December 31 , 2016 , INSTRUCTURE INC used AWS data center facilities located in Virginia , Oregon , Dublin , Ireland , Frankfurt , Germany , Sydney , Australia and Singapore and intend to expand operations to other regions based on market conditions .
Investment in Ashford Inc. Ashford Hospitality Prime , Inc. hold approximately 195,000 shares of Ashford Inc. common stock , which represented an approximate 9.6 % ownership interest in Ashford Inc. and had a fair value of $ 9.9 million at June 30 , 2017 .
President and Chief Executive Officer Ewout Steenbergen . Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer Ratings John L. Berisford .
On May 11 , 2015 , Wowio , Inc. issued 4 shares of Series D as settlement for $ 10,000 of accrued wages to Brian Altounian , Wowio , Inc. s former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman and a beneficial shareholder .
The comparability of Colfax CORP operating results for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 to the comparable 2016 period is affected by the following additional significant items : .
A 10 % increase or decrease in Sanchez Midstream Partners LP average realized sales prices , excluding the impact of derivatives , would have increased or decreased Sanchez Midstream Partners LP revenues for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 by $ 2.2 million .
Timothy Orr , My Cloudz , Inc. s new President and a director of My Cloudz , Inc , is the holder of 17,500,000 shares of common stock of the Company .
In connection with the Separation , GCP Applied Technologies Inc. have agreed that , in the event of the involuntary termination by Grace of Ms. Brown 's employment , without cause or performance issues , within two years of her relocation to Columbia Maryland , Grace will pay all necessary moving expenses , including tax gross - ups , to a location of her choice within the continental United States .
OM Asset Management plc include within management fee revenue any fees paid to Affiliates by consolidated Funds , which are viewed as investment income under U.S. GAAP .
Similar letters were sent by the plaintiffs in the Lunam derivative action discussed above and the plaintiff in the Davydov action discussed above , on November 14 , 2016 and February 26 , 2017 , respectively , also demanding that the Board of Directors take action to remedy the same purported breaches of fiduciary duties alleged in the Shareholder Demand .
Prior to its liquidation , AAA Master LLC ( AAA Master ) entered into a futures brokerage agreement with MS Co. Winton Master , Transtrend Master , Willowbridge Master and AAA Master are collectively referred to as the Funds .
Furthermore , Dr. Janda has served as a Skaggs Scholar within the Skaggs Institute of Chemical Biology , also at The Scripps Research Institute , since 1996 .
The results of the acquired Clearview business are included in Zayo Group Holdings , Inc. operating results beginning April 1 , 2016 .
The details for amount due from / to related parties were as follows : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ( a ) Common director , LEUNG Kwong Tak of operating subsidiary Lutu International Biotechnology Limited ( b ) Common shareholder , LEUNG Kwong Tak of operating subsidiary Lutu International Biotechnology Limited ( c ) Common director LAM Ching Wan of the Company ( d ) President , Secretary , Treasurer and director of GREEN VISION BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP
Mr. Saltzman , has served as NorthStar Realty Europe Corp. director since February 2017 , and has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Colony NorthStar since January 2017 .
As a result , the operating results of IPL s Minnesota electric and natural gas distribution assets have not been separately classified and reported as discontinued operations in Alliant Energy s and IPL s income statements .
Exhibit 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 - K of Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc. ( the Company ) for the year ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Mark A. DiBlasi , Chief Executive Officer of Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc , certify , to the best of my knowledge and belief , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 2 )
Although BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC have realized benefits from BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC operations in the United Kingdom and Ireland , BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC may be unable to continue to do so on a consistent basis .
As described in Note 10 , Prestige Brands Holdings , Inc , together with certain of Prestige Brands Holdings , Inc. 100 % owned subsidiaries , has fully and unconditionally guaranteed , on a joint and several basis , the obligations of Prestige Brands , Inc. ( a 100 % owned subsidiary of the Company ) set forth in the indentures governing the 2016 Senior Notes and the 2013 Senior Notes , including the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the 2016 Senior Notes and the 2013 Senior Notes .
Through a combination of remodels and new openings , BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC expect to end the year with between 45 and 55 stores in BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC Discovery format , including select flagship locations , both domestic and internationally .
Simultaneous with this merger , EMAGIN CORP changed EMAGIN CORP name to eMagin Corporation .
Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Series D Warrant originally issued to Mr. Parker upon the Closing of the 2015 Private Placement Financing and subsequently assigned to Tungsten as a result of the ownership limitation that Tungsten is subject to under the terms of Tungsten s Series D Warrant ; and ( b ) 1,583,334 shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of Series E Warrants originally issued to Ms. Parker s IRA in connection with the 2016 Private Placement Financing and subsequently assigned to Tungsten as a result of the ownership limitation that Tungsten is subject to under the terms of Tungsten s Series E Warrant . ( 4 ) Represents ( a ) 8,297,373 shares of Arch Therapeutics , Inc.
For example , the number of days between Thanksgiving and New Year s Day and the days of the week on which Christmas and New Year s Eve fall , affect the volume of business Modern Round Entertainment Corp generate during the December holiday season , and can affect Modern Round Entertainment Corp results for the full fiscal year .
Orbital Tracking Corp. currently have 8 full time and 1 part time employee , not including David Phipps , Orbital Tracking Corp. Chief Executive Officer and President , and Theresa Carlise , Orbital Tracking Corp. Chief Financial Officer .
For example , some of INPHI Corp customers may cancel purchase orders or delay the shipment of their products that incorporate INPHI Corp products as a result of component shortages they may experience due to earthquakes and tsunamis in Japan or Taiwan , or likewise with respect to flooding in Thailand , which may result in excess or obsolete inventory and impact INPHI Corp sales and operating results .
Immune Design Corp. have entered into exclusive licenses and development agreements with MedImmune pursuant to which Immune Design Corp. have granted MedImmune exclusive licenses to develop and commercialize product candidates relating to certain infectious diseases .
Collegiate provides banking services to businesses and individuals in the Mountain and Front Range communities of Colorado , with banking offices located in Aurora , Buena Vista , Denver and Salida .
NMI Holdings , Inc. were formed in 2012 and wrote NMI Holdings , Inc.
With this acquisition , IBERIABANK entered into the Orlando , Florida MSA through the addition of 14 bank offices and an experienced in - market team .
Mr. Ross began his career at Putnam Investments LLC , a financial services firm , where he was responsible for providing broker services for certain funds sponsored by Putnam Investments LLC from August 1996 to April 1997 .
The following table summarizes CH2 M HILL COMPANIES LTD results of operation by segment for the three months ended September 29 , 2017 as compared to the three months ended September 30 , 2016 : .
SunOpta Inc. are subject to a wide range of governmental regulations and policies in various countries and regions where SunOpta Inc. operate , including the U.S , Canada , Mexico , the Netherlands , throughout the rest of the EU , China and Ethiopia .
I , Yuhua Xu , President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of COSTO INC , certify that : .
On March 10 , 2015 Creative Waste Solutions , Inc. formed 1030029 Ltd , an Alberta numbered company as a wholly owned subsidiary to meet the requirements of holding working interest of Alberta producing oil and gas properties On June 23 , 2016 , Creative Waste Solutions , Inc. s Board of Directors approved of a change of name from Silverstar Resources , Inc. to Creative Waste Solutions Inc. Results of Operations The following summary of Creative Waste Solutions , Inc. results of operations should be read in conjunction with Creative Waste Solutions , Inc. condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended June 30 , 2017 , which are included herein .
In addition to the financial statements included herein , you should read and consider the audited financial statements and notes thereto of SWAY included in Colony Starwood Homes Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the SEC ) on February 29 , 2016 and the CAH audited financial statements and notes thereto and the unaudited pro forma financial information included in Colony Starwood Homes Current Report on Form 8 - K filed with the SEC on January 5 , 2016 , as amended on March 22 , 2016 , March 25 , 2016 and October 11 , 2016 .
Prior to that , Mr. Reding served as Senior Vice President Technical Operations for American Airlines from May 2003 to September 2007 .
Under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) , Carlyle Group L.P. are required to consolidate some of the investment funds that Carlyle Group L.P. advise .
The majority of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC products are manufactured by four independent vendors , headquartered in Hong Kong and Macau .
On April 6th , 2017 , Corina Safaler , Wike Corp. 's Director and CEO , who is also Company s former major shareholder , has completed a transaction with Wentao Zhao , by which Mr. Zhao acquired 4,500,000 shares of common stock , representing 74 % ownership of Wike Corp. for $ 305,000 in cash .
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ( principal executive officer ) Michael F. Neidorff .
Management uses customer satisfaction surveys to evaluate ALABAMA POWER CO 's results and generally targets the top quartile of these surveys in measuring performance , which ALABAMA POWER CO achieved in 2015 .
Gilbert A. Fuller has served as a director of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP since December 2012 .
As of September 30 , 2017 , the net carrying amount of Atlas Energy Group , LLC interest in Osprey Sponsor was zero as Atlas Energy Group , LLC membership interest was received in recognition of .
In addition , in June 2007 , Blackstone Group L.P. entered into an agreement with Beijing Wonderful Investments , an investment vehicle established and controlled by The People s Republic of China , pursuant to which Blackstone Group L.P. sold to it non - voting common units .
Wowio , Inc. used cash of $ 155,822 in Wowio , Inc. operating activities during the nine months ended September 30 , 2015 .
Based on the foregoing evaluation , BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC management , including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief President Bear and the Chief Financial Officer , concluded that BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of January 2 , 2016 , the end of the period covered by this Annual Report .
The equity in loss of unconsolidated entity from Quad / Graphics , Inc. 's investment in Plural in the International segment was less than $ 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 , and the three months ended September 30 , 2016 .
Mr. Johnson served as a member of the Obama 08 Telecommunications , Media Technology Policy Group and both the Technology , Innovation and Government Reform ( TIGR ) and Commodity Futures Trading Commission Agency Review transition teams .
Rebel Group , Inc. ( f / k / a Inception Technology Group , Inc , the Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Florida on September 13 , 2011 .
In particular , SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC international operations are subject to U.S. and foreign anti - corruption laws and regulations , such as the FCPA and the UK Bribery Act ( the UK Act ) .
Since LinnCo pays its dividend from the receipt of cash distributions from LINN Energy , LinnCo will not pay a dividend while LINN Energy s distributions are suspended .
In July 2013 , WASTE MANAGEMENT INC acquired substantially all of the assets of RCI Environnement , Inc. ( RCI ) , the largest waste management company in Quebec , and certain related entities .
dishNET pays HNS a monthly per subscriber wholesale service fee for the Hughes service based upon a subscriber s service level , and , beginning in January 2014 , based upon certain volume subscription thresholds .
Global Solutions revenues increased by $ 157.3 million , or 102.1 % , to $ 311.4 million in 2014 from $ 154.1 million in 2013 .
CPI Card Group Inc. entered into a subordinated , unsecured promissory note for $ 9,000 with certain sellers of EFT Source as part of the EFT Source acquisition .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of UMH Properties , Inc. ( the Company ) for the quarterly period ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Samuel A. Landy , as President and Chief Executive Officer of UMH PROPERTIES , INC , and Anna T. Chew , as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ( section ) 1350 , as adopted pursuant to ( section ) 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of their knowledge : .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Veritex Holdings , Inc. ( the Company ) for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 ( the Report ) , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I , Noreen E. Skelly , Chief Financial Officer of Veritex Holdings , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of my knowledge : .
See the section titled Financial Condition - Allowance for loan losses and Notes 1 and 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP 201 5 Annual Report to Stockholders , included as Exhibit 13.1 to this Form 10 - K , for additional information on nonperforming loans and TDRs as of December 31 , 201 5 and 20 1 4 .
He serves on the board of directors of the American Cable Association Peter Lyons has 10 years of experience in the cable industry , and has served as MCC s Senior Vice President , Information Technology since July 2015 .
A portion of AQUANTIA CORP operations is located outside of the United States , which subjects us to additional risks , including increased complexity and costs of managing international operations and geopolitical instability .
Mr. Zerr has served as Director , Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary of a number of other Invesco Ltd. wholly - owned subsidiaries which service or serviced portions of Invesco Ltd. s US Retail business since May 2007 and since June 2010 with respect to certain Van Kampen entities engaged in the asset management business that were acquired by Invesco Ltd. from Morgan Stanley .
For the year ended December 31 , 2013 , SKYWEST INC recorded a $ 1.4 million valuation allowance against certain deferred tax assets primarily associated with ExpressJet state net operating losses with a limited carry forward period .
Fulland Wind was formed on August 27 , 2008 .
MB Bancorp Inc are headquartered in Forest Hill , Maryland .
Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issued Iconic a convertible promissory note of $ 100,000 with 12 % interest due September 3 , 2014 and convertible into common shares on a cashless basis at a price of 50 % of the lower of lowest closing bid price of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. common shares during the prior 20 trading days prior to 1 ) the date of the purchase agreement or 2 ) the day of the notice for conversion .
William Neil Gallagher is beneficial owner of Health and Charity Outreach .
If Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year , and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions , Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. would be required to pay U.S. federal income tax on Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. taxable income , and distributions to Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. - 44 - .
The Force Awakens , The Revenant , Kung Fu Panda 3 and Deadpool have contributed positively to MARCUS CORP early fiscal 2016 results .
As a result of PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL INC 2017 annual reviews and update of assumptions and other refinements , PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL INC reduced PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL INC long - term expectation of the 10 - year U.S. Treasury rate by 25 basis points and now grade to 3.75 % over ten years and in Japan PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL INC reduced the long - term expected return by 40 basis points on Japanese government bonds and now grade to 1.5 % over ten years .
On March 23 , 2017 , INVENTURE FOODS , INC . announced the sale of certain assets , properties and rights of INVENTURE FOODS , INC . wholly owned subsidiary , Fresh Frozen Foods , to Pictsweet , pursuant to the Purchase Agreement .
Royalty payments are based on a royalty rate of 3.75 % of AxoGen s revenues up to a maximum of $ 30 million in revenues in any 12 month period .
Corporate Information FTI CONSULTING INC incorporated under the laws of the State of Maryland in 1982 .
Senior Executive Vice President Secretary , CNB Financial Corporation ; Jerome T. Osborne , III Vice President Owner , Scott Chief Credit Officer , CNB Bank Senior Executive Vice President President , JTO , Inc. ( Real Estate Enterprises ( Hospitality Industry )
HOSPITALITY INVESTORS TRUST , INC , a Maryland corporation By : s / s Paul C. Hughes _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Name : Paul C. Hughes Title : General Counsel and Secretary .
Effective September 29 , 2017 , ALLTEMP , INC . entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Spider Investments , LLC , a company controlled by the former controlling shareholder of ALLTEMP , INC . prior to the Merger , which provided for Spider Investments , LLC to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of ALLTEMP , INC . s wholly - owned subsidiary , Venture Track , Inc , a Delaware corporation , in exchange for 200,000 shares of ALLTEMP , INC . s common stock .
Steven Montross , Chief Executive Officer of CPI Card Group Inc , and David Brush , Chief Financial Officer of CPI Card Group Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , to CPI Card Group Inc. knowledge , that : .
Through March 31 , 2017 , KEMPHARM , INC have funded KEMPHARM , INC research and development and operating activities primarily through the issuance of $ 115.9 million of debt , $ 25.3 million of private placements of redeemable convertible preferred stock and the sale of common stock in KEMPHARM , INC initial public offering .
Mr. Shi has also been the chairman of Shanghai RayChem Industries Co , Ltd , a research development based active pharmaceutical ingredient producer , since he founded YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
Amounts outstanding at December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , including foreign finance affiliates operating in the United Kingdom , the Netherlands , Mexico , Canada and Australia , are summarized below : PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP is included in the consolidated federal income tax return of PACCAR .
tronc , Inc , was formed as a Delaware corporation on November 21 , 2013 .
IBERIABANK CORP hold FHLB stock to qualify for membership in the FHLB System and to be eligible to borrow funds under the FHLB advance program .
Maria Rebolledo , individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated and on behalf of the general public vs. Tilly s , Inc. ; World of Jeans Tops , Superior Court of the State of California , County of Orange , Case No . 30 - 2012 - 00616290 - CU - OE - CXC .
The increase in revenue was primarily due to an increase of $ 1.7 million in revenue from consolidating BAHA as a variable interest entity , an increase in incremental revenue of $ 1.1 million from the acquisitions of BCHC and HCHHA and an increase of $ 0.9 million in MMG revenues due to an increase in patient lives , partially offset by a $ 0.4 million decrease in hospitalist revenue , and an incremental revenue decrease of $ 0.3 million from AKM and SCHC .
In the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , litigation costs and increased transaction fees related to TRAVELCENTERS OF AMERICA LLC dispute with FleetCor Technologies , Inc , or FleetCor , and its subsidiary Comdata Inc , or Comdata , as well as TRAVELCENTERS OF AMERICA LLC decision to abandon certain assets also contributed to the increase in net loss attributable to common shareholders .
On June 12 , 2017 , Mr. Chen was indicted and charged with criminal fraud and Novo Integrated Sciences , Inc. was informed that Mr. Huang will not be indicted .
Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. have subsequently sold Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. interest in Tero on May 1 , 2015 as further described below .
HICLASST , INC . ( Registrant ) Date : September 29 , 2017 By : /s/ Patrik Wiedemann Patrik Weidemann President and Director Principal and Executive Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer .
Hamilton County , Ohio represents MW Bancorp , Inc. primary geographic market area for loans and deposits , with MW Bancorp , Inc. remaining business operations conducted in the larger Cincinnati metropolitan area , which includes Warren , Butler and Clermont Counties in Ohio .
Mr. Merrill joined UNIT CORP in August 2003 and served as its Vice President of Finance until February 2004 when he was elected to the position of Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer .
STERICYCLE INC operate integrated operations and customer service networks in the United States and 21 other countries .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Report of TRI Pointe Group , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Douglas F. Bauer , Chief Executive Officer of TRI Pointe Group , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of TRI Pointe Group , Inc.
IBG LLC is a Connecticut limited liability company that conducts its business through its operating subsidiaries ( collectively , the Operating Companies ): Interactive Brokers LLC ( IB LLC ) ; Interactive Brokers Canada Inc. ( IBC ) ; Interactive Brokers ( U.K. ) Limited and its subsidiary , Interactive Brokers ( U.K. ) Nominee Limited ( collectively , IBUK ) ; Interactive Brokers Securities Japan , Inc. ( IBSJ ) ; Interactive Brokers Hong Kong Limited ( IBHK ) ; Interactive Brokers ( India ) Private Limited ( IBI ) ; Interactive Brokers Australia Pty Limited and its subsidiary , Interactive Brokers Australia Nominees Pty Limited ( collectively , IBA ) ; IB Business Services ( Shanghai ) Company Limited ( IBBSS ) ; Timber Hill LLC ( TH LLC ) ; Timber Hill Europe AG and its subsidiary , Timber Hill ( Liechtenstein ) AG ( collectively , THE ) ; Timber Hill Australia Pty Limited ( THA ) ; Timber Hill Canada Company ( THC ) ; Interactive Brokers Financial Products S.A. ( IBFP ) ; Interactive Brokers Hungary KFT ( IBH ) ; Interactive Brokers Software Services Estonia OU ( IBEST ) ; Interactive Brokers Software Services Russia ( IBRUS ) ; Interactive Brokers Software Services ( India ) Private Limited ( IBSSI ) ; and IB Exchange Corp. ( IBEC ) and its subsidiaries , Interactive Brokers Corp. ( IB Corp ) , Covestor , Inc. and its subsidiary , Covestor Limited ( collectively , Covestor ) , and Greenwich Advisor Compliance Services Corp. ( Greenwich Compliance ) .
Paul M. Rady has served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Midstream Management since February 2014 .
Utah Medical Products , Inc. with headquarters in Midvale , Utah and its wholly - owned operating subsidiaries , Femcare Nikomed Ltd located in Romsey , Hampshire , England , Femcare Australia Pty Ltd located in Castle Hill , NSW , Australia , Utah Medical Products Canada , Inc. ( dba Femcare Canada ) located in Mississauga , Ontario , Canada and Utah Medical Products Ltd , which operates a manufacturing facility in Athlone , Ireland , ( in the aggregate , the Company ) are in the primary business of developing , manufacturing and globally distributing specialized medical devices for the healthcare industry .
As a result of the Equity Transfer Transaction , Moxian IP ceased to be a subsidiary of Rebel Group , Inc. Rebel FC , which utilizes the trade name of Rebel Fighting Championship , was incorporated on October 28 , 2014 in British Virgin Islands and engages in hosting and promoting MMA events since its corporation .
Mr. Kramer graduated from the University of Oklahoma in 1978 with a degree in accounting and was previously a Certified Public Accountant .
Six Months Ended June 30 , 2017 as Compared to June 30 , 2016 Commercial Renewables ' results were impacted by improved resources and higher PTCs from new wind facilities placed in service at the end of 2016 , partially offset by lower ITCs .
As a result , MARCUS CORP quarterly results may be unpredictable and somewhat volatile .
Entity State or Country of Organization Tempur World , LLC Delaware Tempur - Pedic Management , LLC Delaware Tempur Production USA , LLC Virginia Tempur - Pedic North America , LLC Delaware Tempur - Pedic Technologies , Inc. Delaware Tempur Retail Stores , LLC Delaware Sleep Insurance , Inc. Vermont Tempur Sealy International Distribution , LLC Delaware Tempur Holdings B.V. Netherlands Dan - Foam ApS Denmark Tempur Danish Holdings ApS Denmark Tempur Danmark P / S Denmark Dan - Foam Acquisition ApS Denmark Tempur UK , Ltd. United Kingdom Tempur Japan Yugen Kaisha Japan Tempur Sealy International Limited United Kingdom Tempur Sealy France SAS France Tempur Sealy Deutschland
Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment , Inc. currently operate solely in the United States , but recently entered into a distribution agreement with a company located in the United States for the distribution of an episodic television series in Europe .
Amendment to form of Employment Agreement between OceanFirst Financial Corp and certain executive officers , including Michael J. Fitzpatrick and John R. Garbarino ( 16 ) .
The $ 2.2 million increase in same property revenue for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 ( the " 2017 Quarter " ) compared to the three months ended September 30 , 2016 ( the " 2016 Quarter " ) , was primarily due to ( a ) an increase in base rent , exclusive of the impact of the Kmart termination at Kentlands ( $ 1.9 million ) and ( b ) an increase in expense recoveries ( $ 0.8 million ) partially offset by ( c ) the impact of the Kmart termination ( $ 0.3 million ) and ( d ) lower parking income at 601 Pennsylvania Avenue as a result of a garage refurbishment project ( $ 0.2 million ) .
Between December 2002 and November 2008 , Mr. Spitzer served as an elected member of the California State Assembly .
CPI Card Group Inc. have entered into a director nomination agreement ( the Director Nomination Agreement ) with the Tricor Funds that provides the Tricor Funds the right to designate nominees for election to CPI Card Group Inc. board of directors for so long as the Tricor Funds collectively beneficially own 5 % or more of the total number of shares of CPI Card Group Inc. common stock then outstanding .
On December 2 , 2014 , SUCCESS ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INTERNATIONAL INC . Board of Directors accepted the resignation of Steve Chen as Chief Executive Officer , and appointed Chris ( Chi Jui ) Hong as the Chief Executive Officer and as a member of SUCCESS ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INTERNATIONAL INC . Board of Directors .
Prior to joining Track Group , Mr. Dalton was the owner and President of Dalton Development , a real estate development company .
On May 15 , 2017 , CROE , INC . entered into a lease agreement with Gregory Hannley or Soba Living , LLC for the rental of office space .
On August 17 , 2015 ( the " Closing Date " ) , Holu Energy LLC ( " Holu " ) , EnSync , Inc. 's 85%-owned subsidiary , entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement under which Holu acquired substantially all of the assets of Tian Shan Renewable Energy LLC ( " Seller " ) .
During the year ended December 31 , 2014 , ROIC entered into four separate Sales Agreements ( the Original Sales Agreements ) with each of Jefferies LLC , KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc , MLV Co. LLC and Raymond James Associates , Inc. ( each individually , an Original Agent and collectively , the Original Agents ) pursuant to which ROIC may sell , from time to time , shares of ROIC s common stock , par value $ 0.0001 per share , having an aggregate offering price of up to $ 100.0 million through the Original Agents either as agents or principals .
Name Age Positions Held Kenneth Hill Director , Chief Executive Officer , President , and Chief Financial Officer David McCall Director , General Counsel Robert Grenley Director Ronald Zamber Director , Board Chairman Patrick Barry Director , Audit Committee Chairman .
Exhibit 32.1 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ( the Exchange Act ) , and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code ( 18 U.S.C. 1350 ) , Gene G. Kinney , President and Chief Executive Officer of Prothena Corporation plc ( the Company ) and Tran B. Nguyen , Chief Financial Officer of Prothena Corp plc , each hereby certify that , to the best of his knowledge : Prothena Corp plc s Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30 , 2017 , to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 ( the Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or Section 15(d ) of the Exchange Act ; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of Prothena Corp plc .
NCI BUILDING SYSTEMS INC carry out NCI BUILDING SYSTEMS INC business operations through legal entities in the U.S , Canada , Mexico and China .
Through one of Time Inc. U.K. subsidiaries , Time Inc. sponsor the IPC Media Pension Scheme ( the IPC Plan ) , a defined benefit pension plan that is closed to new participants and accrual of additional benefits for current participants other than certain enhanced benefits - most notably in connection with increases in certain participants ' final compensation .
The assets and liabilities of NUMEREX CORP /PA/ foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars at the period end spot exchange rates , and revenues and expenses are translated at estimated average exchange rates for each period .
In connection with the Bond Purchase Agreement , on March 1 , 2015 , Farmland Partners Inc. and the Operating Partnership also entered into an amended and restated pledge and security agreement ( the Pledge Agreement ) in favor of the Purchaser and Farmer Mac , pursuant to which Farmland Partners Inc. and the Operating Partnership agreed to pledge , as collateral for the Farmer Mac Facility , all of their respective right , title and interest in ( i ) mortgage loans with a value at least equal to 100 % of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding bond held by the Purchaser and ( ii ) such additional collateral as necessary to have total collateral with a value at least equal to 110 % of the outstanding notes held by the Purchaser .
If the United States or another foreign governmental authority were to conclude that NUVASIVE INC are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations , such governmental authority can impose fines , delay or suspend regulatory clearances , institute proceedings to detain or seize NUVASIVE INC products , issue a recall , impose operating restrictions , enjoin future violations and assess civil penalties against us or NUVASIVE INC officers or employees , and can recommend criminal prosecution to the Department of Justice .
Mr. Ferriola joined Nucor in 1991 as the Manager of Maintenance and Engineering at Nucor Steel - Texas .
Sales of Intersect ENT , Inc. products in the United States have been subject to this 2.3 % excise tax .
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included in Galaxy Gaming , Inc. 2016 10 - K. In February 2017 , a former employee forfeited 100,000 shares of unvested restricted stock and paid us $ 35,000 in connection with the exercise of 150,000 fully - vested stock options .
In 2013 , WASTE MANAGEMENT INC also incurred $ 10 million of charges to impair goodwill associated with WASTE MANAGEMENT INC Puerto Rico operations .
Mr. Zerr is also Managing Director and General Counsel US Retail of Invesco Management Group , Inc , a registered investment adviser affiliated with the Managing Owner , since March 2006 , where he is responsible for overseeing the US Retail Legal Department for Invesco Ltd. and its affiliated companies .
Historically , eBullion , Inc. have not provided for U.S. income and foreign withholding taxes on Man Loong s undistributed earnings , because such earnings have been retained and reinvested by Man Loong .
Exhibit 32.1 Certification of the Co - Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of The Carlyle Group L.P. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , William E. Conway , Jr , Co - Chief Executive Officer of Carlyle Group L.P , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 )
The net assets of GQM LLC as of June 30 , 2017 , and December 31 , 2016 are as follows : .
The preparation of EnSync , Inc. financial statements conforms to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America , which requires management , in applying EnSync , Inc. accounting policies , to make estimates and assumptions that have an important impact on EnSync , Inc. reported amounts of assets , liabilities , revenue , expenses and related disclosures at the date of EnSync , Inc. financial statements .
WECAST NETWORK , INC . entered into an agreement with Beijing Kuntin Taiming Investment Management Co , Ltd. for purchase of an office building in February 2016 .
I , Gregory E. Abel , Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer of Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company ( the " Company " ) , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , that to the best of my knowledge : ( 2 ) the information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and result of operations of PACIFICORP /OR/.
Kee Yuen Choi Kee Yuen Choi President and Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , and Treasurer ( principal executive officer , principal accounting officer and principal financial officer ) .
This investment capital will be used to fund ongoing operations and development of the China market , and provided Meineng Energy a 250,000,000 RMB ( approximately $ 42 million ) post - closing valuation .
On September 8 , 2017 , PERMA FIX ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES INC s Board approved the appointment of Mr. Mark Duff as PERMA FIX ENVIRONMENTAL SERVICES INC s new CEO , succeeding Dr. Louis Centofanti , who will serve as EVP of Strategic Initiatives and continue to serve as a member of the Board .
Dagen Cheng , 41 , is the Vice President of Anhui Weiying Investment Holding Co. Ltd , and has been with Makh Group Corp. since January 2015 .
Essent Group Ltd. believe that because of the dispersion of Essent Group Ltd. share ownership and provisions in Essent Group Ltd. organizational documents that limit voting power and other factors , no U.S. Person who owns Essent Group Ltd. common shares directly or indirectly through one or more non - U.S. entities should be treated as owning ( directly , indirectly through non - U.S. entities , or constructively ) 10 % or more of the total voting power of all classes of shares of Essent Group Ltd. or Essent Reinsurance Ltd.
On January 16 , 2007 , MYnd Analytics , Inc. entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger with CNS Response , Inc , a California corporation formed on January 11 , 2000 ( CNS California ) , and CNS Merger Corporation , a California corporation and MYnd Analytics , Inc. wholly - owned subsidiary ( MergerCo ) pursuant to which MYnd Analytics , Inc. agreed to acquire CNS California in a merger transaction wherein MergerCo would merge with and into CNS California , with CNS California being the surviving corporation ( the Merger ) .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Immune Design Corp. management s discussion and analysis of Immune Design Corp. financial condition and results of operations is based on Immune Design Corp. financial statements , which Immune Design Corp. have prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States , or GAAP .
Dwight O. Seegmiller Mr. Seegmiller , who joined HILLS BANCORPORATION in 1975 , has served as its President since 1986 .
DBCS agreed to transfer and sell to Invesco all of DBCS interest in PowerShares DB Base Metals Fund ( the Fund ) , including the sole and exclusive power to direct the business and affairs of the Trust and the Fund , as well as certain other assets of DBCS pertaining to the management of the Trust and the Fund , pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement ( the Transaction ) .
MAGICJACK VOCALTEC LTD primarily operates in the U.S. and Israel , and MAGICJACK VOCALTEC LTD 's Israeli operations are subject to a statutory income tax rate of 24 % in 2017 and 23 % in 2018 which is lower than MAGICJACK VOCALTEC LTD 's U.S. federal income tax rate of 34 % as of March 31 , 2017 .
Distributions in excess of AB Private Credit Investors Corp earnings and profits first will reduce a U.S. stockholder s adjusted tax basis in such stockholder s common stock and , after the adjusted basis is reduced to zero , will constitute capital gains to such U.S. stockholder .
For the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 , net cash used in operating activities was $ 45.4 million , primarily resulting from AMYRIS , INC . net loss of $ 48.6 million , a gain from the change in fair value of derivative instruments of $ 41.8 million , net favorable non - cash adjustments of $ 25.8 million and a net decrease in operating assets of $ 19.2 million .
He received in exchange for his shares of GTCL 400,000 shares of Orbital Tracking Corp. s common stock and 6,692,000 shares of Series E Preferred Stock , and was paid the full cash payment and the full amount of the note .
A significant slowdown in acquisition activity or capital spending by MLPs held in FS Energy & Power Fund portfolio could result in a reduction of accelerated depreciation generated by new acquisitions , which may result in an increase in FS Energy & Power Fund net ordinary income that FS Energy & Power Fund are required to distribute to shareholders to maintain FS Energy & Power Fund status as a RIC and to eliminate FS Energy & Power Fund liability for U.S. federal income tax .
All of PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP s interest - rate contracts are transacted under International Swaps and Derivatives Association ( ISDA ) master agreements .
Luvu Brands , Inc. ( the Company or Luvu ) was incorporated in the State of Florida on February 25 , 1999 .
Prior to joining us , Mr. Liang held various positions at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , or PwC , from 1995 to 2004 , including Audit Manager in PwC 's San Jose office .
Christopher Joe ( 46 ) has been Chief Compliance Officer of the Managing Owner since September 1 , 2015 .
As a member , MB Bancorp Inc are required to own capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta and are authorized to apply for advances on the security of such stock and certain of MB Bancorp Inc mortgage loans and other assets ( principally securities which are obligations of , or guaranteed by , the United States ) , provided certain standards related to creditworthiness have been met .
To date , Immune Design Corp. have a low volume of daily trades in Immune Design Corp. common stock on NASDAQ .
In April 2015 , Red Lion Hotels CORP completed the acquisition of the intellectual property assets and all hotel franchise license agreements of GuestHouse International , LLC .
Mr. Walker joined LINN Energy in February 2007 as Senior Vice President , Operations and Chief Engineer .
In addition to the potential pollution of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT water supply as described above , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT have taken steps to increase security measures at CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT facilities and heighten employee awareness of threats to CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT water supply .
Services and Rentals CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT Services and Rentals segment provides contracted services to water and wastewater utilities and other clients and also leases certain of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT properties to third parties through CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT unregulated companies in the State of Connecticut and through Maine Water in the State of Maine .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT water operations are governed by extensive federal and state environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations , including the federal Safe Drinking Water Act , the Clean Water Act and similar state laws , and federal and state regulations issued under these laws by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and state environmental regulatory agencies .
Stephen D. Lebovitz _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Stephen D. Lebovitz , Director , President and Chief Executive Officer . exhibit-312x3312017.htm .
Ms. Obuchowski has been President of Freedom Technologies , Incorporated , a telecommunications research and consulting firm , since 1992 .
Effective August 14 , 2012 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into an option agreement with GD Glottech - International , Limited ( GD International ) to protect Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. license and distribution rights in the event that GD - Glottech - USA , LLC ( GD USA ) is unable to perform and honor the obligations contingent to a letter agreement dated November 8 , 2011 .
For Nucor , NUCOR CORP equity investment in Duferdofin Nucor was measured at fair value as a result of the impairment recorded in 2015 ( see Note 10 ) .
attributable to a decrease in equipment costs related to the decrease in sales volume of broadband equipment to DISH Network related to Hughes Satellite Systems Corp Distribution Agreement with dishNET , partially offset by an increase in the cost of sales of broadband equipment to Hughes Satellite Systems Corp domestic enterprise market .
Mr. Weis became WEIS MARKETS INC 's interim President and Chief Executive Officer in September 2013 and was appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer in February 2014 .
MARCUS CORP hotels and resorts division revenues , operating income and operating margin increased during the Transition Period compared to the prior year comparable 30 - week period due primarily to an increase in food and beverage revenues , an increase in MARCUS CORP average daily rate , strong cost controls and the additional week of operations included in MARCUS CORP Transition Period results compared to the prior year comparable period .
SOUTHWESTERN ENERGY CO conduct most of SOUTHWESTERN ENERGY CO businesses through subsidiaries , and SOUTHWESTERN ENERGY CO currently operate exclusively in the United States .
INTEL CORP results in 2016 reflected the inclusion of PSG from the newly acquired Altera and an extra work week , compared to 2015 .
First Foods Group , Inc. 's financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business .
ACF also required as a condition to entering into the Loan Agreement Amendment that ACF enter into a participation agreement with certain related parties of ours , including Frost Gamma Investments Trust ( $ 150,000 ) , Mark E. Andrews , III ( $ 50,000 ) , Richard J. Lampen ( $ 100,000 ) , and Alfred J. Small ( $ 15,000 ) , to allow for the sale of participation interests in the Purchased Inventory Sublimit and the inventory purchased with the proceeds thereof .
Esperion Therapeutics , Inc. do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on Esperion Therapeutics , Inc. results of operations during the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
For example , LinnCo , LLC may be required to pay Texas franchise tax on LinnCo , LLC total revenue apportioned to Texas at a maximum effective rate of approximately 0.5 % .
Under the ESPP , SELECTA BIOSCIENCES INC has set two six -month offering periods during each calendar year , one beginning March 1 st and the other beginning September 1 st of each calendar year , during which employees may elect to have up to 25 % of their eligible compensation deducted on each payday on an after - tax basis for use in purchasing SELECTA BIOSCIENCES INC 's common stock on the last trading day of each offering period , subject to limits imposed by the Internal Revenue Code .
Income tax expense typically includes U.S. federal and state income taxes on MPT Operating Partnership , L.P. TRS entities , as well as non - U.S. income based or withholding taxes on certain investments located in jurisdictions outside the U.S. Income tax expense of $ 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 , was primarily due to $ 1.1 million of foreign tax expense related to MPT Operating Partnership , L.P. German investments offset partially by $ 0.6 million of tax benefit recognized on approximately $ 2 million of acquisition costs incurred on MPT Operating Partnership , L.P. European investments .
At June 30 , 2017 and at December 31 , 2016 , NantHealth , Inc. determined that other than temporary impairments of $ 35,991 and $ 29,816 , respectively , in the value of the investment in NantOmics had occurred , predominantly attributed to declines in the value of goodwill .
ALABAMA POWER CO may be entitled to $ 3 million in additional revenues related to 2013 as a result of the late implementation of the 2013 PEP rate increase .
Under the merger agreement , as amended , Berry s shareholders received 1.68 LinnCo common shares for each Berry common share they owned , totaling 93,756,674 LinnCo common shares .
In January 2014 , LSB INDUSTRIES INC settled the claim with LSB INDUSTRIES INC insurance carriers for the aggregate amount of approximately $ 43.5 million ( of which approximately $ 36.5 million relates to the business interruption claim ) , comprised of $ 15 million previously paid to us in 2013 and $ 28.5 million paid to us in 2014 .
Prior to joining Mosaic , Mr. Kaplan served as chief of staff for former Florida Governor Jeb Bush .
Timothy G. Dixon Timothy G. Dixon President and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
On December 29 , 2016 , Washington Prime Group , L.P. transitioned River Valley Mall , located in Lancaster , Ohio , to the lender .
The following represents the assets and liabilities of CLIFFS NATURAL RESOURCES INC . measured at fair value at December 31 , 2016 and 2015 : .
Mr. Zarrilli also served as Acting Senior Vice President , Acting Chief Administrative Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer of Safeguard from December 2006 to June 2007 .
Kevin Samuelson , Chief Financial Officer Mr. Samuelson has served as Infor , Inc. Chief Financial Officer since July 2016 .
J. Roe Buckley , age 53 , joined Mewbourne Holdings , Inc. in July , 1990 and serves as Chairman of the Board and Chief Financial Officer of Mewbourne Holdings , Inc , MD and MOC .
Comparing exchange rates during the first three months of 2017 to those of the first three months of 2016 , the U.S. dollar strengthened against the currencies of most countries in which PPG operates , most notably the Euro , Mexican peso and British pound .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Mack - Cali Realty Corporation ( the Company ) for the quarterly period ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Michael J. DeMarco , as Chief Executive Officer of MACK CALI REALTY L P and Anthony Krug , as Chief Financial Officer of MACK CALI REALTY L P , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
BASIC ENERGY SERVICES INC revenue per water logistics truck increased 11 % to $ 163,000 in the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 compared to $ 147,000 in the same period in 2016 mainly due to increases in trucking .
The acquisition was completed pursuant to the Purchase Agreement , dated as of July 18 , 2016 ( the SWIMS Purchase Agreement ) , between Differential Brands Group Inc , its wholly - owned subsidiary DFBG Swims , the shareholders of SWIMS named therein ( the SWIMS Sellers ) , ystein Alexander Eskeland and Atle S vik , acting jointly as the representatives of the SWIMS Sellers , and , for certain limited purposes , TCP Denim , LLC , TCP RG , LLC and TCP RG II , LLC .
LinnCo , LLC shareholders are only able to indirectly vote on matters in which LINN Energy unitholders are entitled to vote , and LinnCo , LLC shareholders are not entitled to vote to elect LinnCo , LLC directors .
IMTT , Atlantic Aviation , CP E , and Hawaii Gas purchase and renew property and casualty insurance coverage on an ongoing basis from insurance underwriters who then pay commissions to MIF .
Premium and service revenues increased 36 % in the year ended December 31 , 2015 over the corresponding period in 2014 primarily as a result of the impact from expansions or new programs in many of CENTENE CORP states , particularly , Florida , Illinois , Indiana , Louisiana , Mississippi , Ohio and Texas .
Most of Independent Bank Group , Inc. s lending activity occurs within the State of Texas , primarily in the north , central and southeast Texas regions .
The following summary of Trident Brands Inc results of operations should be read in conjunction with Trident Brands Inc unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three month and six month periods ended May 31 , 2017 and May 31 , 2016 .
As described under Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions Agreements with Blackstone Related to the Spin - Off Employee Matters Agreement in the Form 10 filed by PJT Partners Inc. on September 3 , 2015 , if in the first 180 calendar days following the spin - off the value of the PJT Partners personnel s converted equity award is less than the value that the relinquished Blackstone award would have had over the same period , Blackstone will pay ( in cash , Blackstone equity or PJT Partners equity , at Blackstone s discretion ) certain true - up awards to PJT Partners personnel .
CPI Card Group Inc. operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and annually , and may differ significantly from CPI Card Group Inc. expectations or guidance .
During the first six months of 2017 , net cash used in operating activities consisted of LUNA INNOVATIONS INC net loss of $ 1.6 million , which included non - cash charges for depreciation and amortization of $ 1.8 million and share - based compensation of $ 0.3 million , and a net cash outflow of $ 0.9 million from changes in working capital ( principally driven by a decrease in accounts payable and accrued expenses of $ 1.1 million and an increase in inventory of $ 1.2 million , partially offset by a reduction in accounts receivable of $ 1.1 million ) .
MyDx , Inc. s wholly - owned subsidiary , CDx , Inc , was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on September 16 , 2013 .
Nicholas Sorge , Sr . is the founder and current President and Director of Empire Global Gaming , Inc. and has been since his appointment to the Board of Directors on May 11 , 2010 .
Significant Items Impacting SEI INVESTMENTS CO Financial Results in 2014 Revenues increased $ 139.9 million , or 12 percent , to $ 1.3 billion in 2014 compared to 2013 .
Additionally , Zayo Group Holdings , Inc. operate 49 data center facilities , which are located in eleven of the most important carrier hotels in the U.S , Canada and France .
Anthony Gebbia Anthony Gebbia Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 , or other document authenticating , acknowledging , or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906 , has been provided to Sputnik Enterprises , Inc. and will be retained by Sputnik Enterprises , Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request .
The following unaudited pro forma information for the years ended December 31 , 2014 and 2013 reflect IBERIABANK CORP s estimated consolidated results of operations as if the acquisitions of Florida Bank Group , Old Florida , and Georgia Commerce occurred at January 1 , 2014 , unadjusted for potential cost savings and preliminary purchase price adjustments .
On a year to date basis , Valeritas Holdings Inc. revenue decreased by 5.0 % to $ 9.4 million in the first half of 2017 from $ 9.9 million in the first half of 2016 .
As of December 31 , 2015 , RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC .
Kim Rivera ; age 49 ; Chief Legal Officer and General Counsel Ms. Rivera has served as Chief Legal Officer , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since November 2015 .
On November 26 , 2014 , NaturalShrimp Inc entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement ( the Agreement ) with NaturalShrimp Holdings , Inc. a Delaware corporation ( NSH ) , pursuant to which NaturalShrimp Inc. agreed to acquire substantially all of the assets of NSH , which assets consisted primarily of all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of NSC and NS Global , and certain real property located outside of San Antonio , Texas ( the Assets ) .
In connection with the Recapitalization , IBG , Inc , Holdings and the historical members of IBG LLC entered into an exchange agreement , dated as of May 3 , 2007 ( the " Exchange Agreement " ) , pursuant to which the historical members of IBG LLC received membership interests in Holdings in exchange for their membership interests in IBG LLC .
Indenture relating to the EH Holding Corporation ( currently known as Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation ) 6 1/2 % Senior Secured Notes due 2019 , dated as of June 1 , 2011 , by and among EH Holding Corporation , the guarantors listed on the signature page thereto , and Wells Fargo Bank , National Association , as collateral agent and trustee ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to EchoStar Corporation s Current Report on Form 8 - K filed June 2 , 2011 , Commission File
Arnold operates a 70,000 square foot manufacturing assembly and distribution facility in Rochester , New York with nine additional facilities worldwide , including sites in the United Kingdom , Switzerland and China .
In addition , pursuant to Mr. Schwarzman s Founding Member Agreement described above under Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Grants of Plan - Based Awards in 2015 Schwarzman Founding Member Agreement , following retirement , Mr. Schwarzman will be provided with specified retirement benefits , including an assistant during the ten - year period following his retirement and a car and driver during the three - year period following his retirement .
Currently , Andrew Batinovich serves as Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. Chief Executive Officer and Corporate Secretary , and Terri Garnick serves as Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer .
Exhibit 32.2 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of VWR Corporation ( the Company ) for the quarterly period ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Gregory L. Cowan , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of VWR Corp , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ,
Both the subsidiary and the REIT must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a TRS .
Such failures and shutdowns may limit CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT customers and to meet the water delivery requirements prescribed by governmental regulators , including the PURA and the MPUC , and adversely affect CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT financial condition , results of operations , cash flow , liquidity and reputation .
In 1987 , Mr. Myers served as a staff assistant in the U.S. House of Representatives .
In connection with the issuance of the Senior Notes , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into an indenture agreement ( Indenture ) dated April 29 , 2015 , by and among POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC , The Bank of New York Mellon , as Trustee , and POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s subsidiaries as guarantors .
United Bank is located in Marshalltown , Iowa with a population of 27,727 .
At September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , the assets and liabilities of the VIEs consisted primarily of property , plant and equipment , deferral related to differential membership interests and long - term debt .
Eversource Energy holds all of the 6,035,205 shares , 100 shares , 301 shares , and 434,653 shares of the outstanding common stock of The Connecticut Light and Power Company , NSTAR Electric Company , Public Service Company of New Hampshire and Western Massachusetts Electric Company , respectively .
Pursuant to the exchange agreements , Sandor Capital Master Fund LP exchanged 8 million shares of common stock for 800,000 shares of Orbital Tracking Corp. s Series C Preferred Stock and Point Capital , Inc. exchanged 2 million shares of common stock for 200,000 shares of Series C Preferred Stock .
On September 15 , 2015 , Wowio , Inc. entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Robert Estareja as Chief Executive Officer , which expires in September 2017 , with an automatic renewal period of two years unless otherwise terminated .
A ( Raiffeisen ) to pay down a term loan facility ( the Term Loan Facility ) dated as of September 17 , 2014 between Stream s wholly - owned subsidiary , TransAtlantic Albania Ltd. ( TransAtlantic Albania ) , and Raiffeisen , and ( ii ) the assumption of $ 29.2 million of liabilities owed by Stream , consisting of $ 23.1 million of accounts payable and accrued liabilities and $ 6.1 million of debt .
As of June 30 , 2017 , funds affiliated with Warburg Pincus ( Warburg Pincus ) held approximately 24 % of Kosmos Energy Ltd. outstanding common shares .
MPLX holds , through a subsidiary , a 25 percent interest in MarEn Bakken , which equates to an approximate 9.2 percent indirect equity interest in the Bakken Pipeline system .
Gulf Power Company 2015 Annual Report Business Activities Gulf Power Company ( the Company ) operates as a vertically integrated utility providing electricity to retail customers within its traditional service area located in northwest Florida and to wholesale customers in the Southeast .
As of December 31 , 2015 , SkyWest Airlines operated as a Delta Connection carrier in Salt Lake City and Minneapolis , a United Express carrier in Los Angeles , San Francisco , Denver , Houston , Chicago and the Pacific Northwest , an Alaska carrier in the Pacific Northwest and an American carrier in Los Angeles and Phoenix .
There have been no material developments in any legal proceedings since the disclosures contained in FTE Networks , Inc. s Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . generally must obtain product certification from both the EPA and CARB to sell POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . products in the United States .
Under the agreement , RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC would pay to the SEC - appointed receiver for the Jay Peak entities an aggregate of $ 150 million which includes $ 4.5 million previously paid in RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC settlement with the State of Vermont .
Neil Carmichael President , Treasurer , Secretary and Director .
In addition , all of WD 40 CO s foreign subsidiaries have functional currencies other than the U.S. Dollar and WD 40 CO s largest subsidiary is located in the U.K. and generates significant sales in Pound Sterling and Euro .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT could also be held liable for consequences arising out of human exposure to hazardous substances in CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT water supplies or other environmental damage .
The marginal increase was primarily due to the increase of SIAF s corporate seafood import sector increase of $ 4.0 million in gross profit ( from 2015 s $ 4.7 million to 2016 s $ 8.7 million ) offset by the other sectors as follows : .
The following significant items have affected the comparison of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC operating results during the periods indicated : First Quarter 2015 .
Deferred Costs and Other Assets On January 4 , 2017 , the remaining $ 15.6 million outstanding on the promissory note receivable related to the January 29 , 2016 sale of Forest Mall , located in Fond Du Lac , Wisconsin , and Northlake Mall , located in Atlanta , Georgia , was received by Washington Prime Group , L.P. in full .
On January 27 , 2016 , Seagate Technology plc entered into an arrangement ( the Arrangement ) with Albert A. Rocky Pimentel , Seagate Technology plc s Executive Vice President , Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer , and former President , Global Customers and Markets .
In connection with these transactions , Ms. Tantum and Level Up Investments LLC entered into an agreement with Young Ju Yi , UNEEQO , INC . former CEO and Director , to purchase 60,000,000 shares of UNEEQO , INC . common stock from Young Ju Yi for a total purchase price of $ 30,000 .
In October 2010 , Immune Design Corp. entered into three separate license agreements with MedImmune , LLC ( MedImmune ) pursuant to which Immune Design Corp. granted MedImmune a worldwide , sublicensable , exclusive license to use GLA to develop and sell vaccines in three different infectious disease indications .
For example , if the distribution fails to qualify for tax - free treatment , Biogen would , for U.S. federal income tax purposes , be treated as if it had sold Bioverativ Inc. common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value , and those Biogen stockholders who are subject to U.S. federal income tax would be treated as receiving a taxable distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of Bioverativ Inc. common stock received in the distribution .
As consideration , HYPERDYNAMICS CORP received $ 27 million from Tullow as reimbursement of HYPERDYNAMICS CORP past costs in the Concession and , as additional consideration , Tullow agreed to : ( i ) pay all of HYPERDYNAMICS CORP participating interest share of future costs associated with joint operations in the Concession , up to a gross expenditure cap of $ 100 million incurred during the carry period that began on September 21 , 2013 ; and ( ii ) pay HYPERDYNAMICS CORP participating interest share of costs associated with an appraisal well of the initial exploration
Asset Integrity 's 2016 operating results for the three- and six - month periods ended included a bad debt expense of $ 3.3 million .
The remaining increase in cost of subscription for the three and nine months of $ 0.3 million and $ 0.5 million , respectively , was related to personnel cost growth commensurate with PROS Holdings , Inc. subscription revenue growth .
If the U.K. Regulator determines that by COPART INC acquisitions of certain assets , there is or likely will be a substantial lessening of competition in the U.K. market , COPART INC could be required to divest some portion of COPART INC U.K. assets .
RH Segment net revenues decreased $ 49.0 million , or 2.3 % , to $ 2,060.0 million in fiscal 2016 compared to $ 2,109.0 million in fiscal 2015 .
However , YuMe Inc have a limited sales operations history as a company outside the United States , and YuMe Inc ability to manage YuMe Inc business and conduct YuMe Inc operations internationally requires considerable management attention and resources and is subject to the challenges of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple cultures , customs , legal systems , alternative dispute systems , regulatory systems and commercial infrastructures .
On January 26 , 2017 , Martin Herman filed a purported class action complaint in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against Western Union CO , its President and Chief Executive Officer , its Chief Financial Officer , and a former executive officer of Western Union CO , asserting claims under sections 10(b ) of the Exchange Act and Securities and Exchange Commission rule 10b-5 against all defendants and a claim under section 20(a ) of the Exchange Act against the individual defendants .
The beneficial ownership information is based solely upon the Schedule 13D / A filed with the SEC on September 20 , 2016 , by Bulldog Investors , LLC , Full Value Partners , L.P , Andrew Dakos , Phillip Goldstein , Steven Samuels , Crescendo Partners II , L.P , Series M2 , Crescendo Investments II , LLC , Crescendo Partners III , L.P , Crescendo Investments III , LLC , Crescendo Advisors II , LLC , Jamarant Capital , L.P , Jamarant Investors , LLC , Jamarant Advisors , LLC , Eric Rosenfeld , Gregory R. Monahan , David Sgro , Paul J. Evans and Charles Gillman .
Diane B. Greene has served as a member of GOOGLE INC . Board of Directors since January 2012 and as a Senior Vice President of Google since December 2015 .
Net interest income of $ 77.20 million in 2015 was derived from HILLS BANCORPORATION 's $ 2.283 billion of average earning assets and its net interest margin of 3.50 % , compared to $ 2.129 billion of average earning assets and a 3.49 % net interest margin in 2014 .
In June 2013 , through the MACH Acquisition , SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC acquired a 45 % interest in Link2One , an equity method investee that provides a third party hub that automates all the tests and technical procedures to standardize telecommunications operators ' requirements in connection with arrangements for the provision of roaming services .
I. Andrew Weeraratne , age 66 , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Director .
( 6 ) Loans Payable On May 28 , 2010 , AVEO PHARMACEUTICALS INC entered into the Loan Agreement with Hercules .
William C. Grantham William C. Grantham Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , and Treasurer February 26 , 2016 .
The members of Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT management team are Michael Vranos , founder and Chief Executive Officer of Ellington , who serves as Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT Co - Chief Investment Officer and as a member of Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT Board of Trustees ; Laurence Penn , Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of Ellington , who serves as Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT Board of Trustees ; Mark Tecotzky , a Managing Director of Ellington , who serves as Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT Co - Chief Investment Officer ; Lisa Mumford , who serves as Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer ; Daniel Margolis , General Counsel of Ellington , who serves as Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT General Counsel ; and Jason Frank , Associate General Counsel of Ellington , who serves as Ellington Residential Mortgage REIT Secretary .
Pursuant to Corvus Pharmaceuticals , Inc. s license agreements with each of Vernalis and Scripps , it has obligations to make future milestone and royalty payments to these parties , respectively .
In recognition of the spin - off , COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS INC recorded a non - cash dividend of approximately $ 713 million during the year ended December 31 , 2016 , representing the net assets of QHC distributed to the Company s stockholders .
The Navy has terminated a contract , which originally called for the delivery of 11,085 Hand Held Signal Flares from May 2012 to approximately September 2014 , as a result of the unwillingness of the Defense Contract Management Agency to recognize the novation of the contract to the purchaser of the assets of Ordnance .
Within its LTL business , Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc. operates 47 LTL service centers throughout the United States , complemented by relationships with over 180 delivery agents .
Shopping Centers , according to CoStar , ended the year with a vacancy rate of 8.8 % , the highest of all of the retail categories .
If Matinas BioPharma Holdings , Inc. terminate Mr. Jabbour s employment without cause or Mr. Jabbour resigns with good reason , Matinas BioPharma Holdings , Inc. are required to pay him a severance of up to nine months of his base salary plus benefits .
Executive Officers Name Age Position James R. Brickman Chief Executive Officer and Director Richard A. Costello Chief Financial Officer Jed Dolson Head of Land Acquisition and Development .
The special termination benefits of $ 9 million and $ 8 million for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and December 31 , 2014 , respectively , were incurred as a result of Kodak s restructuring actions and , therefore , have been included in Restructuring costs and other in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for those periods .
Note 1.H Income Taxes , the cumulative balance allocated to noncontrolling interests in GCP was $ 3,358,053 and $ 2,543,529 at December 31 and March 31 , 2015 , respectively , as shown on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets .
The particulars of the compensation paid to the following persons : ( a ) ARTELO BIOSCIENCES , INC . principal executive officer ; ( b ) each of ARTELO BIOSCIENCES , INC . two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the year ended August 31 , 2017 whose adjusted total compensation exceeded $ 100,000 ; ( c ) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under ( b ) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as ARTELO BIOSCIENCES , INC . executive officer at the end of the year ended August 31 , 2017 ; and ( d ) ARTELO BIOSCIENCES , INC . former principal executive officers , who ARTELO BIOSCIENCES , INC . will collectively refer to as the named executive officers of ARTELO BIOSCIENCES , INC . company , are set out in the following summary compensation table , except that no disclosure is provided for any named executive officer , other than ARTELO BIOSCIENCES , INC . principal executive officers , whose total compensation did not exceed $ 100,000 for the respective fiscal year : SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year ended August 31 , Salary ( $ ) Bonus ( $ ) Stock Awards ( $ ) Option Awards ( $ ) Non - Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ( $ ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensa - tion Earnings ( $ ) All Other Compensation ( $ ) Total ( $ ) Gregory Gorgas ( 1 ) President , CEO , CFO , Secretary , Treasurer and Director 2017 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Peter O ' Brien ( 2 ) Vice President , European Operations and Director 2017 Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil James Manley ( 3 ) Former President , Secretary , CEO , CFO , Treasurer and Director 2017
In connection with the periodic report of Ideal Power Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ending December 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , Ideal Power Inc , R. Daniel Brdar , Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) and Timothy Burns , Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) of Ideal Power Inc , hereby certify as of the date hereof , solely for purposes of Title 18 , Chapter 63 , Section 1350 of the United States Code , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of Ideal Power Inc. knowledge : .
However , if within 24 months following a change in control , ( a ) Mr. Shore terminates his employment for good reason , or ( b ) InspireMD , Inc. terminate Mr. Shore s employment without cause , he is entitled to receive the full lump sum severance payment equal to 100 % of his base salary and all stock options , stock appreciation rights or similar stock - based rights granted to him will vest in full and be immediately exercisable and any risk of forfeiture included in restricted or other stock grants previously made to him will immediately lapse .
Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement , Cytosorbents Corp have agreed to pay Purolite royalties of 2.5 % to 5 % on the sale of those of Cytosorbents Corp products , if and when those products are sold commercially , that are used in direct contact with blood .
Mr. Wu has served as YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . Chairman since January 12 , 2016 .
Lawrence Chariton has served as a director since 2001 .
SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC fully impaired its ownership interest in PixelOptics in 2013 based on PixelOptics ' inability to raise additional capital to continue its operations .
The 34 % non - controlling interest in RealBiz at November 30 , 2015 is represented by 48,621,133 shares of RealBiz Series A Preferred Stock with an annual dividend rate of 10 % and 10,359,890 shares of RealBiz common stock issued and outstanding as of November 30 , 2015 .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT Regulated Companies face competition from a few small privately - owned water systems operating within , or adjacent to , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT franchise areas and from municipal and public authority systems whose service areas in some cases overlap portions of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT franchise areas .
Transactions with Related Persons First Reserve Joint Venture In October 2016 , Crestwood Infrastructure Holdings LLC , Crestwood Midstream Partners LP wholly - owned subsidiary , and an affiliate of First Reserve formed a joint venture , Crestwood Permian Basin Holdings LLC ( Crestwood Permian ) , to fund and own the Nautilus gathering system and other potential investments in the Delaware Permian .
STK Chicago operates a restaurant known as STK in Chicago , Illinois .
Senior Vice President and General Counsel ; and Mr. John T. McRae , SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC Chief Information Officer .
Unico was incorporated under the laws of Nevada in 1969 .
From 1989 to November 1999 , Mr. Kanter served as the President , and subsequently as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Walnut Financial Services , Inc , a publicly traded company ( NMS : WNUT ) .
Intersect ENT , Inc. may also terminate the agreement upon 12 months written notice in the event of a change in control of AIM .
In addition , Iridium Communications Inc. have entered into an agreement with Harris Corporation , the manufacturer of the Aireon hosted payload , pursuant to which Harris pays us fees to allocate the remaining hosted payload capacity to its customers ; Harris also pays us data service fees on behalf of these customers .
From 1986 to 1995 , Mr. Danson served as a board member and , through 1989 , as President , of Integrated Medical Systems , Inc , a start - up provider of health care information and marketing services .
Ms. Gordon also serves as Chairman of The Economic Club of Chicago and as a director of Northwestern Memorial Hospital , The Executives Club of Chicago , and World Business Chicago .
The following tables summarize total assets , total liabilities and members equity as of December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 and the results of operations for National General Holdings Corp. s unconsolidated equity method investment in the LSC Entities for the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 .
On September 1 , 2016 , AXIM BIOTECHNOLOGIES , INC . entered into an amended and restated employment agreement with Mr. Lekhram Changoer , its Chief Technology Officer .
SYMANTEC CORP have provided U.S. deferred taxes on a portion of SYMANTEC CORP undistributed foreign earnings sufficient to address the incremental U.S. tax that would be due if SYMANTEC CORP needed such portion of these funds to support SYMANTEC CORP operations in the U.S. Revolving Credit Facility .
The preparation of BAR HARBOR BANKSHARES s consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make significant estimates that affect the financial statements .
In connection with the Annual Report of Ecolocap Solutions Inc. ( the " Company " ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " report " ) , I , Michel St - Pierre , Chief Financial Officer of ECOLOCAP SOLUTIONS INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
SkyWest Airlines provides regional jet service to airports primarily located in the Midwestern and Western United States , as well as Mexico and Canada .
In connection with this Quarterly Report of Tel - Instrument Electronics Corp. ( the Company ) , on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I , Joseph P. Macaluso , Principal Financial Officer of TEL INSTRUMENT ELECTRONICS CORP , certify to the best of my knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
The original of the Negative Pledge Undertaking issued by MST in respect of the Pledged Shares owned by it , undertaking that no security interest shall be created over the Inotera shares to be acquired by MST in favor of any third party other than the pledge of such Inotera shares as collateral to the Collateral Agent in accordance with the terms of this Agreement .
  Greenblatt shall be deemed permanently disabled if either   he and MAYS J W INC so agree , or   after a period of ninety   days during which Greenblatt is continuously unable , as a result of any physical or mental ailment , to perform his major duties and responsibilities as provided in Section 1 , he is , either at his   or MAYS J W INC s request , examined by New York University Medical Center , New York , New York , or any successor organization , or by any other Hospital in the City of New York of comparable stature , mutually agreed upon   , and the Hospital certifies that , in the opinion of its Medical Examiners , Greenblatt s health is such that , for a period of ninety   days or more from that date , Greenblatt is and probably will be incapacitated , physically or mentally , from performing , or that it would seriously impair his health to perform , his major duties and responsibilities as provided in Section 1 hereof .
Earnings from Guidewire Software , Inc. non - U.S. activities are subject to local country income tax and may be subject to current U.S. income tax .
Ira Levy , Chief Executive Officer of Surge Components , Inc. Steven Lubman , President of Surge Components , Inc. By : .
Mr. Fox also serves as Chief Financial Officer for Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. advisor , Hartman Advisors , and Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. property manager , HIR Management .
On June 24 , 2015 , Real Goods Solar , Inc. entered into the Conversion Agreement with the Riverside Lender to effect the Conversion .
The warrant was immediately exercisable and , accordingly , Everyday Health , Inc. calculated the fair value of the warrant using the Black - Scholes option pricing model and recorded $ 1,131 of deferred costs related to the issuance during the year ended December 31 , 2014 , which is amortized to Everyday Health , Inc. s operating results over the life of the agreement .
Ascena Retail Group , Inc. operates , through its 100 % owned subsidiaries , ecommerce operations and approximately 4,800 stores in the United States , Canada and Puerto Rico .
NutriBand Inc. revenue was $ 0 and NutriBand Inc. incurred a net loss of $ 52,081 for the three months ended April 30 , 2016 , consisting primarily of professional fees .
GoDaddy Inc. subscription terms are typically one year , but can range from monthly terms to multi - annual terms of up to ten years depending on the product .
Ms. Morris currently serves as Senior Vice President of Adobe s Global Customer and Employee Experience organization .
CrowdSource was formed in 2013 to provide event marketing services including event activation and sponsorship for large scale community events , seminars and festivals .
On November 14 , 2014 , Technovative Group , Inc. entered into a Debt Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release ( Debt Settlement Agreement ) with Tenton Global LLC ( Tenton ) , pursuant to which Tenton agreed to settle and cancel the unpaid amount of the promissory note owed to Tenton by Technovative Group , Inc. in the aggregate amount of $ 906,772 , in consideration of assignment by Technovative Group , Inc. of its rights and interests in a the Ponta Agreement .
In May 2017 , Hikma announced that it received a complete response letter form the FDA relating to its ANDA for fluticasone propionate and salmeterol inhalation powder with a GDUFA goal date of May 10 , 2017 .
In order for the FDA to grant orphan drug exclusivity to one of Editas Medicine , Inc. products , the agency must find that the product is indicated for the treatment of a condition or disease with a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States .
The increase in the effective tax rate in 2015 , compared with 2014 , reflected the impact of pre - tax losses in the U.S , due to a combination of acquisition - related costs primarily related to the Sunrise Acquisition and lower pre - tax earnings within SunOpta Inc. U.S.-based consumer products operations , which more than offset taxable income in SunOpta Inc. European and Canadian operations .
Financial information relating to GALLAGHER ARTHUR J & CO corporate segment results for the three - month and nine - month periods ended September 30 , 2017 as compared to the same periods in 2016 is as follows ( in millions , except per share and percentages ): Revenues - Revenues in the corporate segment consist of the following : .
Streamflow Regulations in Connecticut could potentially impact CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT ability to serve CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT customers .
In connection with the Merger , Marina entered into a License Agreement with Autotelic LLC , a stockholder of IThena and an entity in which Dr. Trieu serves as Chief Executive Officer , pursuant to which ( A )
On September 4 , 2015 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into an Asset Purchase agreement whereby Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. sells the net assets of Alta Disposal Morinville Ltd. ( of which Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. had acquired 51 % interest on October 18 , 2013 ) for total purchase price of .
LinnCo , LLC also operates two natural gas processing plants in southwest Kansas .
Previously , Mr. Hill served in various capacities with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . independent public accountants , from September 1998 to September 2010 , including Senior Manager from September 2006 to September 2010 , and Manager from September 2003 to September 2006 .
The General Partner may elect , in lieu of payment in cash of any amount payable to a Withdrawn Partner pursuant to paragraph ( e ) above , to have the Partnership issue to the Withdrawn Partner a subordinated promissory note and/or to distribute in kind to the Withdrawn Partner such Withdrawn Partner s pro rata share ( as determined by the General Partner ) of any securities or other investments of the Partnership in relation to such Partner s GP - Related Partner Interest .
The undersigned , Mark A. Casale , President , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of
The executive officers are Lawrence L. Gellerstedt III , M. Colin Connolly , Gregg D. Adzema , Pamela F. Roper , John S. McColl and John D. Harris , Jr. Mr. Gellerstedt s agreement was also amended to remove the gross - up provision and to replace it with the best net provision in the Agreements of Messrs. Adzema , Connolly and McColl and Ms. Roper , which provision acts to reduce payment to the applicable NEO if excise taxes would otherwise be triggered , to the extent that such a reduction results in a greater after - tax amount for the NEO .
On March 2 , 2015 , GRASSHOPPER STAFFING , INC . entered into a Business Acquisition Agreement and share exchange under which GRASSHOPPER STAFFING , INC . acquired the business and assets of Grasshopper Colorado in exchange for $ 10,651 , which was represented by 250,000 shares of common stock in exchange for 100 % of the Grasshopper Colorado s common shares .
Park Sterling Corp , a North Carolina corporation , was formed in October 2010 to serve as the holding company for Park Sterling ( the Bank ) pursuant to a bank holding company reorganization effective January 1 , 2011 and is a bank holding company registered with the Federal Reserve Board .
Mr. Shaw served in the US Marine Corps as an infantry Captain , has a MBA degree from Harvard University and an engineering degree from Cornell University .
ASSURED GUARANTY LTD includes in this category the debt of public corporations for which applicable law permits the Commonwealth to claw back , subject to certain conditions and for the payment of public debt , at least a portion of the revenues supporting the bonds ASSURED GUARANTY LTD insures .
Consolidated revenues for 2017 increased compared to the prior year period , primarily due to increased Fluids Division revenues , which increased by $ 42.1 million , driven by increased sales of offshore completion fluids products and onshore water management services activity .
Exhibit 32.2 In connection with the Quarterly Report of AstroNova , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended April 29 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , John P. Jordan , Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of AstroNova , Inc , certify , pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b ) and 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
In 1998 , Core Molding Technologies began operations at its second facility in Gaffney , South Carolina , and in 2001 , CORE MOLDING TECHNOLOGIES INC established a manufacturing presence in Mexico by acquiring certain assets of Airshield Corporation .
The hotel industry is subject to extensive federal , state and local governmental regulations in the United States and the other countries in which La Quinta Holdings Inc. owned and franchised hotels operate , including those relating to building and zoning requirements and those relating to the preparation and sale of food .
Excess investment is the amount by which TransMontaigne Partners L.P. investment exceeds TransMontaigne Partners L.P. proportionate share of the book value of the net assets of the BOSTCO entity .
Cytosorbents Corp seek to protect Cytosorbents Corp proprietary position by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to Cytosorbents Corp products and product candidates that are important to Cytosorbents Corp business .
The following table summarizes CION Investment Corp investment activity , excluding short term investments and PIK securities , for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 : .
In addition , a portion of Ocean Power Technologies , Inc. operations is conducted through Ocean Power Technologies , Inc. subsidiaries in countries other than the United States , specifically Ocean Power Technologies Ltd. in the United Kingdom , the functional currency of which is the British pound sterling , and Ocean Power Technologies ( Australasia ) Pty Ltd. in Australia , the functional currency of which is the Australian dollar .
Note 15 Sale of SEI Asset Korea On July 31 , 2012 , SEI INVESTMENTS CO , MetLife International Holdings , Inc. ( MetLife ) and International Finance Corporation ( IFC ) entered into a definitive agreement with Baring Asset Management Limited ( Barings ) to sell all ownership interest in SEI Asset Korea ( SEI AK ) .
As of July 31 , 2015 Almost Never Films Inc. completed the disposition of certain assets of Almost Never Films Inc. to William Sigler , a former director of the Company ; in connection with said transactions Mr. Sigler resigned and agreed to sell all his shares of common stock in the Company .
Prior to its sale in 1999 , Mr. Hinshaw served as President of Triad Inc , a brand strategy and management consulting firm .
Even if CHIMERIX INC obtain FDA approval for brincidofovir or any of CHIMERIX INC other products in the United States , CHIMERIX INC may never obtain approval for or commercialize brincidofovir or any of CHIMERIX INC other products outside of the United States , which would limit CHIMERIX INC ability to realize their full market potential .
Ho Wah Genting Group Limited ( HWGG ) , a Nevada corporation ( formerly Computron , Inc. ) through Ho Wah Genting Group SDN BHD ( Malaysia HWGG ) , a Malaysia company and Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd wholly owned subsidiary , is engaged to promote travel and entertainment services to members to Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd partnering resorts and cruises in the Asia region and develop and invest in real estate property .
Given the consolidation of certain of KKR & Co. L.P. investment funds and the significant ownership interests in KKR & Co. L.P. KKR Group Partnerships held by KKR Holdings , KKR & Co. L.P. expect a portion of net income ( loss ) will continue to be attributed to noncontrolling interests in KKR & Co. L.P. business .
Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc are also subject both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. to various regulatory schemes regarding requests for the information Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc provide to regulatory authorities , which may include , in whole or in part , trade secrets or confidential commercial information .
Ronald C. Cambre served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Newmont Mining Corporation until his retirement as CEO in 2000 and Chairman in 2001 .
IPG PHOTONICS CORP is required to meet certain financial covenants associated with its U.S. line of credit and collateralized long - term note .
From July 2001 to April 2011 , Larry served as Google s President , Products .
I , Geoffrey J. Covert , the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Issuer certify that to the best of my knowledge : .
Through GREENHILL & CO INC recruiting and acquisition activity , GREENHILL & CO INC have significantly increased GREENHILL & CO INC geographic reach by adding offices in the United States , United Kingdom , Germany , Canada , Japan , Australia , Hong Kong , Sweden and Brazil .
Blue Bird Corp are the leading independent designer and manufacturer of school buses , with more than 550,000 buses sold since Blue Bird Corp formation in 1927 and approximately 180,000 buses in operation today .
Overview , History and Recent Developments Heritage Global Inc. ( HGI , Heritage Global Inc. or the Company ) was incorporated in Florida in 1983 under the name MedCross , Inc. Heritage Global Inc. s name was changed to I - Link Incorporated in 1997 , to Acceris Communications Inc. in 2003 , to C2 Global Technologies Inc. in 2005 , to Counsel RB Capital Inc. in 2011 , and to Heritage Global Inc. effective August 22 , 2013 .
Prior to October 18 , 2016 , ALL AMERICAN SPORTPARK INC s employees provided administrative / accounting support for three golf retail stores , named Saint Andrews Golf Shop ( " SAGS " ) , Las Vegas Golf and Tennis ( " Boca Store " ) and Las Vegas Golf and Tennis Superstore ( Westside 15 Store ) , owned by Ronald Boreta , ALL AMERICAN SPORTPARK INC 's President , and his brother , John Boreta , a Director of the Company .
3 ACQUISITION OF VITEL LABORATORIOS , S.A. de C.V. On March 10 , 2017 ( the Closing Date ) , OncBioMune Pharmaceuticals , Inc completed the acquisition of 100 % of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Vitel Laboratorios , S.A. de C.V , a Mexican variable stock corporation ( Vitel ) from its shareholders Manuel Cosme Odabachian and Carlos Fernando Alaman Volnie ( collectively , the Vitel Stockholders ) pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Contribution Agreement to the Property of Trust F/2868 entered into among OncBioMune Pharmaceuticals , Inc and the Vitel Stockholders on the Closing Date ( the Contribution Agreement ) .
As of February 2013 when Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. terminated the initial public offering , Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. had accepted subscriptions for , and issued , 10,688,940 shares of common stock in the initial public offering for gross offering proceeds of $ 104,700,000 , and 391,182 shares of common stock pursuant to the DRIP for gross offering proceeds of $ 3,620,000 .
The managing member of Argo , Mr. John T. Fitzgerald , was also appointed to KFSI s board of directors on April 21 , 2016 .
In accordance with the 2013 ARP approved by the Georgia PSC , ALABAMA POWER CO increased base rates approximately $ 110 million , $ 136 million , and $ 140 million effective January 1 , 2014 , 2015 , and 2016 , respectively .
In addition , EXACT SCIENCES CORP entered into a Common Stock Subscription Agreement with Genzyme on January 27 , 2009 , which provided for the private issuance and sale to Genzyme of 3,000,000 shares ( the Shares ) of EXACT SCIENCES CORP s common stock , $ 0.01 par value per share , at a per share price of $ 2.00 , for an aggregate purchase price of $ 6.0 million .
Under the tax matters agreement entered into between us and NTELOS , Lumos Networks Corp. are generally required to indemnify NTELOS against any tax resulting from the Distribution to the extent that such tax resulted from any of the following events ( among others ): ( 1 ) an acquisition of all or a portion of Lumos Networks Corp. stock or assets , whether by merger or otherwise , ( 2 ) any negotiations , understandings , agreements or arrangements with respect to transactions or events that cause the Distribution to be treated as part of a plan pursuant to which one or more persons acquire , directly or indirectly , stock representing a 50 % or greater interest in Lumos Networks , ( 3 ) certain other actions or failures to act by us , or ( 4 ) any breach by us of certain of Lumos Networks Corp. representations or undertakings .
Ms. Tellez serves on the boards of directors of Pacific Premier Bancorp , Inc. and CorMedix Inc , as well as on the boards of various nonprofit organizations such as the Institute for Medical Quality and UC San Diego s Center for Integrative Medicine .
These services and products are provided through CINCINNATI BELL INC 's subsidiaries in various geographic areas throughout the United States , Canada and the United Kingdom .
The following tables set forth TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . s operating results for the three and six months ended December 31 , 2015 , as compared to the three and six months ended December 31 , 2014 , including presentation of Revenues by component excluding the DBS segment and related intersegment eliminations .
On March 24 , 2015 , Bravo Multinational Incorporated and Richard Kaiser executed an employment agreement , which provides for a term of two years , and a base salary of $ 42,000 per year , payable in equal monthly installments of $ 3,500 paid in S-8 shares of Bravo common stock on the 1st day of each month during the term of Mr. Kaiser 's employment , pro rated for any partial employment period .
Macquarie Infrastructure Corp , the undersigned directors and executive officers of Macquarie Infrastructure Corporation , hereby severally constitute James Hooke and Liam Stewart , and each of them singly , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp true and lawful attorneys with full power to them and each of them to sign for us , and in Macquarie Infrastructure Corp names in the capacities indicated below , any and all amendments to the Annual Report on Form 10 - K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission , hereby ratifying and confirming Macquarie Infrastructure Corp signatures as they may be signed by Macquarie Infrastructure Corp said attorneys to any and all amendments to said Annual Report on Form
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Adaiah Distribution Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending April 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Nikolay Titov , Chief Executive Officer of Adaiah Distribution Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
LINN Energy may consider alternatives that could have significant adverse tax consequences to us , which may materially reduce the value of LinnCo , LLC shares .
On May 17 , 2016 ( the Effective Date ) , Agritech Worldwide , Inc. entered into an employment agreement with Jonathan Kahn ( the Kahn Employment Agreement ) in connection with the appointment of Mr. Kahn as Agritech Worldwide , Inc. s new Chief Executive Officer .
Operating Revenues Southern Company 's non - electric operating revenues for these other business activities increased $ 256 million , or 544.7 % , in 2016 as compared to the prior year .
Number of shares based solely on information reported on the Schedule 13 G filed with the SEC on August 16 , 2016 , reporting beneficial ownership as of June 30 , 2016 by Kapil Dhar , Sable Fiduciary Limited , or Sable , and Cortleigh Limited , or Cortleigh .
See Agreements with Executive Officers James Barry .
Dr. Ishwar has served as Vice President Marketing Technology of HAYNES INTERNATIONAL INC since January 2010 .
Mr. Gould serves as the chairman of the committee .
Concentration of major customers and suppliers For the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , one commercial customer accounted for $ 2.7 million and $ 3.7 million in revenue , representing 44 % and 44 % of MICROVISION , INC . total revenue , respectively .
In September 2014 , Castle Brands Inc and CB - USA entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement ( as amended , the Amended Agreement ) with ACF FinCo I LP ( ACF ) , as successor in interest to Keltic , in order to amend certain terms of the Credit Facility and the Bourbon Term Loan ( defined below ) .
From 1994 to 2015 , Mr. Wiessman served as a director of Alon Israel Oil Company , Ltd , or Alon Israel , and served as its Chief Executive .
Lonestar Resources US Inc. current operational activities and consolidated revenues are generated from markets exclusively in the United States , and , as of June 30 , 2017 , Lonestar Resources US Inc. had no long lived assets located outside the United States .
If additional remedial measures are imposed on the Big Four PRC - based accounting firms , including YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . independent registered public accounting firm , in administrative proceedings brought by the SEC alleging the firms failure to meet specific criteria set by the SEC , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . could be unable to timely file future financial statements in compliance with the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 .
Included in those transactions and representing $ 134.0 million of FBR & Co. capital raising revenue were six sole - managed institutional private placements .
Property Management Corporation of America ( the Company , Property Management Corp of America , us , Property Management Corp of America and PMCA ) was incorporated in Delaware on January 23 , 2014 .
In addition , Mr. Peters also served as a member of the board of directors of QDOBA Restaurant Corporation from 1998 to 2003 .
During the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , TechCare Corp. financing activities provided us with $ 750,000 through the issuance of common stock as compared to $ 165,000 in the same period in the prior year .
Prior to founding Castle Brands Inc predecessor , Mr. Andrews founded American Exploration Company , a company engaged in the exploration and production of oil and natural gas , in 1980 .
The unaudited pro forma financial information is provided for informational purposes only and does not purport to be indicative of ADDVANTAGE TECHNOLOGIES GROUP INC s combined results of operations which would actually have been obtained had the acquisition taken place on October 1 , 2015 , nor should it be taken as indicative of ADDVANTAGE TECHNOLOGIES GROUP INC future consolidated results of operations .
Mr. Hexner holds a bachelor s degree in Political Philosophy from Williams College , a master s degree in Negotiation and Dispute Resolution from Creighton University , and has completed an executive management program at the Haas School of Business of the University of California .
However , if within 24 months following a change in control , ( a ) Dr. Barry terminates his employment for good reason , or ( b ) InspireMD , Inc. terminate his employment without cause , the lump sum severance payment to which he is entitled will be increased from 150 % of his base salary to 250 % of his base salary and all stock options , restricted stock units , stock appreciation rights or similar stock - based rights granted to him will vest in full and be immediately exercisable and any risk of forfeiture included in restricted or other stock grants previously made to him will immediately lapse .
On August 18 , 2014 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into a Mutual Release Agreement ( the Agreement ) whereby Patrick Avery resigned from all of his positions with Orbital Tracking Corp , including Chief Executive Officer , President , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer , director and Chairman of the board of directors .
In addition , the majority of BGC Partners , Inc. other foreign subsidiaries are subject to similar regulation by the relevant authorities in the countries in which they do business , such as Australia , France and Hong Kong .
As this pioneering system extended around the globe , online brokerage functions were added and , in 1993 , Interactive Brokers was formed .
Mr. Anderson previously served as Chief Financial Officer of Exterran Holdings , Inc. and Exterran Partners , L.P , a global market leader in natural gas compression and oil and gas services , from 2003 until 2012 .
( 1 ) As discussed in Item 8 , Note 4 , " Long - term Debt and Other Financing Arrangements " , as consideration for Time Warner 's guarantee of the Euro Term Loans , CENTRAL EUROPEAN MEDIA ENTERPRISES LTD pay Guarantee Fees to Time Warner based on the amounts outstanding on the Euro Term Loans , each calculated such that the all - in borrowing rate on each the 2018 Euro Term Loan and the 2019 Euro Term Loan is 8.5 % per annum and the all - in borrowing rate on the 2021 Euro Term Loan is 9.0 % per annum . ( 2 )
This provision could discourage a change of control of us or of LINN Energy that LinnCo , LLC shareholders may favor , which could negatively affect the price of LinnCo , LLC shares .
Founded in 1981 , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. are headquartered in Durango , Colorado and manufacture an extensive line of premium chocolate candies and other confectionery products .
In addition , under the Tax Matters Agreement , Ingevity is required to indemnify WestRock against any of WestRock s tax liabilities as a result of the acquisition of Ingevity s stock or assets , even if Ingevity did not participate in or otherwise facilitate the acquisition .
Exports of certain of EMCORE CORP products are subject to export controls imposed by the U.S. government and administered by the United States Departments of State and Commerce .
Mortgage Banking Activity IBERIABANK through its subsidiary , IMC , originates mortgage loans for sale into the secondary market .
Ms. Wells serves on the Board of the Youth Development Center .
Mr. Grauer serves as lead director of DaVita Health Care Partners , Inc. and Senior Independent Non - Executive Director of Glencore .
In 2014 , SKYWEST INC completed the sale of its 20 % interest in T RIP to Trip investments Ltda ( Trip Investimentos ) for $ 42 million .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Track Group , Inc. on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Guy Dubois , Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) , and Peter K. Poli , Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer ) , of Track Group , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec.1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec.906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Fort Worth , Texas AFS SenSub Corp. have examined management s assertion , included in the accompanying Management s Report on Assessment of Compliance with SEC Regulation AB Servicing Criteria , that AmeriCredit Financial Services Inc. ( the Company ) complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d ) of the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB for publicly issued auto loan asset - backed securities transactions issued from September 20 , 2011 to December 31 , 2015 for which AFS SenSub Corp. acted as servicer involving auto loans ( the Platform ) as of and for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , excluding criteria 1122(d)(1)(iv ) , 1122(d)(2)(iii ) , 1122(d)(2)(vi ) , 1122 ( d)(4)(ix ) , 1122(d)(4)(x ) , 1122(d)(4)(xi ) , 1122(d)(4)(xii ) , and 1122(d)(4)(xiii ) which management has determined are not applicable to the activities performed by AFS SenSub Corp. with respect to the Platform .
Name : Michelle Ngo Title : Senior Vice President and Treasurer .
As of November 30 , 2016 , National American University Holdings , Inc. operations had 37 locations , including educational sites located in Colorado , Indiana , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , Nebraska , New Mexico , Oklahoma , South Dakota and Texas , a distance learning service center in Texas and distance learning operations and central administration offices in Rapid City , South Dakota .
On December 27 , 2016 , PROVECTUS BIOPHARMACEUTICALS , INC . s Board of Directors unanimously voted to terminate Mr. Culpepper , effective immediately , from all positions he held with PROVECTUS BIOPHARMACEUTICALS , INC . and each of its subsidiaries , including interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of PROVECTUS BIOPHARMACEUTICALS , INC , for cause , in accordance with the terms of the Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement entered into by Mr. Culpepper and PROVECTUS BIOPHARMACEUTICALS , INC . on April 28 , 2014 ( the Culpepper Employment Agreement ) based on the results of the investigation conducted by a Special Committee of the Board of Directors regarding improper travel expense advancements and reimbursements to Mr. Culpepper .
On January 25 , 2017 , CareView Communications Inc entered into a P&S Agreement with HCA East Florida Division pursuant to the HealthTrust GPO Agreement .
NETWORK CN INC s subsidiary , NCN Media Services Limited , disposed of its entire 100 % equity interests of Linkrich Enterprise Advertising and Investment Limited , a Hong Kong investment holding company and Yi Gao Shanghai Advertising Limited , a PRC advertising company which has maintained minimal operation since October 2014 , to an unrelated individual at $ 1 consideration .
Mr. Martin is not currently employed by CCP , does not have any ownership stake in CCP and does not have any vote on CCP matters .
Bruce J. Mackey Jr , FIVE STAR QUALITY CARE , INC . President and Chief Executive Officer , Richard A. Doyle , FIVE STAR QUALITY CARE , INC . Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer , and Katherine E. Potter , FIVE STAR QUALITY CARE , INC .
Scott A. Roe . Scott A. Roe . Vice President and Chief Financial Officer . vfc-20170930.xml .
Attention : Allan Silber and R. Adam Levy If to Executive : 330 Hatch Drive Foster City , California 94404 or such other address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party shall have specified by prior written notice to the sending party .
However , if these funds were needed for DSP GROUP INC /DE/ s operations in the United States , DSP GROUP INC /DE/ would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes as well as taxes in other countries to repatriate these funds .
The executive committee of the board of directors of Carlyle Group Management L.L.C. consists of Messrs. Conway , D Aniello and Rubenstein .
Under the proposed settlement agreement , LSB INDUSTRIES INC agreed to pay a penalty in the form of providing approximately $ 100,000 to purchase emergency response equipment for the local first responders plus a civil penalty to the EPA of approximately $ 26,000 .
LEXICON PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . operating results and , in particular , LEXICON PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . ability to generate additional revenues are dependent on many factors , including LEXICON PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . ability to successfully commercialize XERMELO in the United States ; the amount and timing of payments , if any , under LEXICON PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . existing collaboration agreements with Sanofi , Ipsen and other entities ; the success of LEXICON PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . ongoing preclinical and clinical development efforts and ability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals ; LEXICON PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . success in establishing new collaborations and licenses ; the timing and willingness of such new collaborators to commercialize products that would result .
Prior to joining Safeguard , Mr. McGroarty served as Interim Controller of Cephalon , Inc. from October 2005 to December 2005 ; Vice President - Financial Planning Analysis and previously Assistant Controller at Exide Technologies from March 2002 to September 2005 ; and , previously , with PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1991 to 2001 .
Stephen D. Lebovitz Director , President and Chief Executive Officer of CBL Holdings I , Inc , general partner of the Registrant ( Principal Executive Officer ) March 1 , 2017 Stephen D. Lebovitz .
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section discusses Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
Upon the closing of the purchase of each Property ( as defined below ) by VMRE , VMRE ( or its designee ) and Carvana ( Carvana Lessee ) shall enter into an Operator Lease ( as defined below ) pursuant to which VMRE ( or its designee , as landlord ) shall lease the applicable Property to Carvana Lessee ( as tenant ) and Guarantor shall enter into a Guaranty ( as defined below ) with respect to the obligations of Carvana Lessee under such Operator Lease .
In 2016 and 2015 , substantially all of ENGLOBAL CORP operations were in the United States except for the project located in Russia and Kazakhstan known as the CPC Project .
Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement dated May 10 , 2006 ( the " Arkansas River Agreement " ) between PURE CYCLE CORP and HP A M ( formerly a significant shareholder ) , PURE CYCLE CORP was obligated to pay HP A M a defined percentage of a defined number of water tap fees PURE CYCLE CORP receives after the date of the Arkansas River Agreement ( the " Tap Participation Fee " or " TPF " ) .
On September 22 , 2017 , TAPIMMUNE INC . appointed Peter Hoang as TAPIMMUNE INC . s President and Chief Executive Officer .
During the first quarter of 2016 , IMMUCELL CORP /DE/ entered into bank debt agreements covering certain additional credit facilities with TD Bank N.A. aggregating up to approximately $ 4.5 million .
Ms. Miller also serves as a director at Baker Hughes , a GE company .
In December , 2015 two cases were filed against Lithium Corp company ; the first was filed in the United States District Court , ( Federal ) District of Nevada by Jablonski Enterprises , Ltd. against several defendants , including Lithium Corp company , Summa , LLC , Henry Tonking , GIS Land Services , Greg Ekins , the Nye County Assessor , the Mapping Administrator for Nye County , the Nye County District Attorney and the Nye County Deputy District Attorney with respect to Summa , LLC s efforts to change the record name on the assessor s tax roles from Jablonski Enterprises to Summa , LLC pursuant to a prior court order issued by the Clark County District Court .
David R. Koos serves as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of both Regen BioPharma Inc and Entest Bio - Medical , Inc. As of September 30 , 2016 Regen BioPharma Inc had Available for Sale Securities of $ 112,000 and as of December 31 , 2016 Regen BioPharma Inc had Available for Sale Securities of $ 312,000 .
The average weekly trading volume of Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. common shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the date on which notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale is filed with the SEC ( or , if Form 144 is not required to be filed , the four calendar weeks preceding the date the selling broker receives the sell order )
Hughes Satellite Systems Corp have entered into lease agreements pursuant to which Hughes Satellite Systems Corp lease certain real estate from DISH Network .
Seasonal sales fluctuations and weather conditions could have an adverse impact on Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc. results of operations .
Description of Business and Significant Accounting Policies SunOpta Inc. ( the Company or SunOpta ) was incorporated under the laws of Canada on November 13 , 1973 .
The U.S. Debit and Credit segment includes CPI Card Group Inc. operations in Colorado , Indiana and Tennessee , which are each certified by multiple global Payment Card Brands and , where required by CPI Card Group Inc. customers , certified to be in compliance with the standards of the PCI Security Standards Council .
In 2015 , Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. issued 3,021,778 shares of Class A common stock ( with a fair value of $ 132 million ) to Holdings in exchange for an equivalent number of member interests in IBG LLC .
WHEREAS , Roberts currently serves as the Chief Scientific Officer of Altimmune pursuant to that certain Offer Letter , by and between Roberts and Altimmune , dated as of October 29 , 2012 ( the Offer Letter WHEREAS , in connection with the execution of this Agreement , the Board of Directors of Altimmune ( the Board ) or an authorized committee thereof and Roberts desire to terminate and supersede in its entirety the Offer Letter as of the Effective Date pursuant to the terms hereof to assure Altimmune of Roberts continued employment in an executive capacity and to compensate him therefor ; and WHEREAS , Roberts acknowledges that , in executing this Agreement , he has had a reasonable opportunity to seek the advice of independent legal and tax counsel , and has read and understood all of the terms and provisions of this Agreement .
Two of SHILOH INDUSTRIES INC 's subsidiaries ( Shiloh De Mexico S.A. DE C.V. and Shiloh International , S.A. DE C.V. ) , SHILOH INDUSTRIES INC 's Netherlands and Swedish holding companies , and SHILOH INDUSTRIES INC 's U.S. subsidiaries have the U.S. dollar as their functional currency .
To assess DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP risk , DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP calculate that if interest rates were to rise or fall from current levels by 100 basis points or by 125 basis points , the pro forma change in fair value of DYNAVAX TECHNOLOGIES CORP net unrealized loss on investments would be $ 0.4 million or $ 0.6 million , respectively .
In certain foreign markets in which HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA operate , most notably Mexico , HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA sometimes depend upon governmental waivers of cabotage laws .
On May 1 , 2015 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with an individual and disposed its 50 % interest in Tero .
( 6 ) The Special Voting Share confers on the Trustee the number of votes equal to the number of outstanding preferred shares of Subco , other than such shares held by us or TROPIC INTERNATIONAL INC . affiliates , on all matters on which the holders of shares of TROPIC INTERNATIONAL INC . common stock are entitled to vote .
GLOBAL GOLD CORP also learned that Mr. Borkowski purportedly of CRA met with Armenian tax officials in the fall of 2012 and worked with Caldera Resources and its President Bill Mavridis to give defamatory testimony and other defamatory materials in attempt to bring criminal charges against GLOBAL GOLD CORP and its officers in attempt to gain leverage for his claims against the Company .
Partially offsetting these increases were approximately $ 84 million of lower net sales of M A C and Clinique products , primarily reflecting slower retail traffic in brick - and - mortar stores in the United States .
At December 31 , 2015 , the carrying amount of LinnCo , LLC s investment in LINN Energy was greater than LinnCo , LLC s ownership interest in LINN Energy s underlying net assets by approximately $ 85 million .
Mr. Smith has served on Ciena s Board of Directors since October 2000 .
The executive committee of the board of directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. consists of Messrs. Schwarzman , James , Hill , Goodman and Gray .
EchoStar owns 49.0 % of an entity that provides direct - to - home satellite services in Mexico known as Dish Mexico , and Hughes Satellite Systems Corp provide certain satellite services to Dish Mexico .
SUNRISE REAL ESTATE GROUP INC business is susceptible to fluctuations in the real estate market of China , especially in certain areas of eastern China where a significant portion of SUNRISE REAL ESTATE GROUP INC operations are concentrated , which may adversely affect SUNRISE REAL ESTATE GROUP INC revenues and results of operations .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT maintain insurance coverage as part of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT overall legal and risk management strategy to minimize CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT potential liabilities .
Mr. Stein s extensive experience as a senior executive officer in the restaurant industry , his accounting and financial expertise and his experience with strategic transactions provides him with the qualifications and skills to serve as a director .
The Unsecured Credit Facility had a $ 450,000 accordion option that allowed RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC , at its election , to increase the total credit facility up to $ 1,450,000 , subject to ( i ) customary fees and conditions including , but not limited to , the absence of an event of default as defined in the agreement and ( ii ) RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . s ability to obtain additional lender commitments .
The decrease of sales was mainly due to the fact that E - WORLD USA HOLDING , INC were in the process of preparing to export E - WORLD USA HOLDING , INC Dibeier products into China to be sold over - the - counter in retail locations such as nutritional product stores during the middle of 2017 .
An important element of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT growth strategy is the acquisition and integration of water systems in order to move into new service areas and to broaden CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT current service areas .
The purchase price was determined by the audited net assets of China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. as of May 31 , 2016 , initially with a payment of RMB10,000,000 ( $ 1,500,000 US ) in cash and the balance to be paid in common shares of China Xuefeng at 75 % of the closing price on August 4 , 2016 .
Prior to joining Ross , Mr. Morrow served as President , Chief Merchandising Officer of Stein Mart from 2014 to 2015 and Executive Vice President and Chief Merchandising Officer from 2010 to 2014 .
ASTROTECH Corp s stock option activity for the six months ended December 31 , 2015 is as follows : .
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are calculated based on temporary differences between NorthStar Real Estate Income II , Inc. s U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements and the federal , state and local tax basis of assets and liabilities as of the consolidated balance sheet date .
Mr. Fred J. McKosky has served as the Chief Operating Officer of ECOLOGY & ENVIRONMENT INC since 2014 .
In 2011 , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . entered into a long - term throughput contract with Westshore for a portion of CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . anticipated export sales through their export terminal in Vancouver , British Columbia .
The carrying value of the investments in VIEs was $ 259.5 and $ 227.4 as of June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , respectively ; these investments are included in Limited partnerships / corporations on the Condensed Balance Sheets .
Mr. Merriman also has served as a member of the board of managers of Industrial Property Advisors LLC , the advisor to IPT , since January 2013 .
expect that the last - to - expire licensed patent in the United States will expire in 2028 with respect to GLA products and 2032 with respect to SLA products .
Servco s pension - related revenues and costs were $ 18 million and $ 16 million for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively , and $ 35 million and $ 28 million for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively .
On December 10 , 2014 , Orbital Tracking Corp , entered into a License Agreement with World Surveillance Group , Inc , and its wholly owned subsidiary , Global Telestat Corp , by which Orbital Tracking Corp. had an irrevocable non - exclusive license to use certain equipment , consisting of Appliques for a term of ten years .
On February 29 , 2012 , EASTMAN KODAK CO notified STWB and Bayer that , under the voluntary petition for bankruptcy by EASTMAN KODAK CO and its U.S. subsidiaries , it elected to discontinue funding and participation in remedial investigations of the LPRSA .
Also , see Note 2 of the notes to ANTERO RESOURCES Corp audited consolidated financial statements , included in ANTERO RESOURCES Corp 2016 Form 10 - K , for a discussion of additional accounting policies and estimates made by management .
Creagh Medical Ltd. On November 20 , 2015 , SURMODICS INC acquired 100 % of the outstanding common shares and voting shares of Creagh Medical located in Ballinasloe , Ireland .
On September 1 , 2015 , HD View 360 Inc. issued 7,200,000 common shares to Dennis Mancino , HD View 360 Inc. President , Chief Executive Officer and Director .
The following table sets forth , for the periods indicated , the rate of exchange for the Canadian dollar and euro , expressed in U.S. dollars , based on Bank of Canada exchange rates .
On September 2 , 2014 , HARMONIC INC acquired a 3.3 % interest in Vislink plc ( Vislink ) , a U.K. public company listed on the AIM exchange , for $ 3.3 million .
PLG was comprised of the historic Parlophone label and Chrysalis and Ensign labels in the U.K , as well as EMI Classics and Virgin Classics , and EMI s recorded music operations in Belgium , Czech Republic , Denmark , France , Norway , Poland , Portugal , Slovakia , Spain and Sweden .
These increases were offset by a $ 1.4 million decrease in the cost of the participating physician share of the ACO savings revenue and a $ 0.6 million decrease in other physician related costs .
Green Meadow Products , Inc. ( " the Company " , " GMP " , " we " , " us " or " our " ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Wyoming on June 22 , 2012 .
Also as of December 31 , 2016 , Sohu.com Inc. held over 50 % of the total voting power of Sogou on a fully - diluted basis and controlled the election of a majority of the Board of Directors of Sogou , assuming that Tencent s non - voting Class B Ordinary Shares are converted to voting shares , that all of the Sogou Class A Ordinary Shares that Sogou has repurchased are re - issued to shareholders other than Sohu.com Inc , and that all Sogou share options under the Sogou 2010 Share Incentive Plan and all Sogou share options under the Sohu Management Sogou Share Option Arrangement are granted and exercised .
. - 1 - . In connection with the Annual Report of Highlight Networks , Inc. ( the Registrant ) on Form 10 - K for the period ended June 30 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Jose R. Mayorquin , Principal Financial Officer of HighLight Networks , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Based on storage capacity , IMTT operates one of the larger third - party bulk liquid terminals businesses in the United States .
Pursuant to GRAHAM ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUND II LLC Agreement , GAIF II s term will end upon the first to occur of the following : .
The increase in Income Tax Expense is also due to the prior year reversal of a $ 56 million unrealized capital loss valuation allowance where AEP effectively settled a 2011 audit issue with the IRS , the prior year reversal of a $ 66 million capital loss valuation allowance related to the pending sale of certain merchant generation assets as well as prior year tax return adjustments related to the disposition of AEP s commercial barging operations .
The increase in current liabilities is due to an increase in accounts payable of $ 64,019 for the year ended December 31 , 2016 as compared to $ 184,452 for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , an increase in advance NIH receivable of $ 18,777 for the year ended December 31 , 2016 as compared to $ 79,481 for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and an increase in a note payable - related party of $ 33,610 for the year ended December 31 , 2016 as compared to $ 62,758for the nine months ended September 30 , 207 .
President , Merchandising , Ross Dress for Less James S. Fassio .
On December 20 , 2013 , ELRAY RESOURCES , INC . entered into a settlement agreement with Tarpon Bay Partners LLC ( Tarpon ) whereby Tarpon acquired certain notes and accounts payable against ELRAY RESOURCES , INC . in the amount of $ 2,656,214 .
A LP ( the Partnership ) , a Delaware limited partnership , was formed on February 9 , 2011 for the purpose of providing a full range of investment advisory and management services and acting as a general partner , investment advisor , pension advisor or in similar capacity to clients .
Investment in Refined Coal Facility WASTE MANAGEMENT INC refined coal facility investment and the resulting federal tax credits reduced WASTE MANAGEMENT INC provision for income taxes by $ 23 million , $ 21 million and $ 20 million for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively .
Ranger Energy Services , LLC ( Ranger Services ) was , through Ranger Energy Holdings , LLC ( Ranger Holdings ) , formed by CSL Capital Management , LLC ( CSL ) in June 2014 as a provider of high spec well service rigs and associated services .
The financial strength of Essent Guaranty , Inc , Essent Group Ltd. wholly - owned insurance subsidiary , is rated Baa2 with a stable outlook by Moody 's Investors Service and BBB+ with a stable outlook by Standard Poor 's Rating Services .
The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in BIOTIME INC consolidated financial statements and related notes .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Coca - Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended October 1 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , COCA COLA BOTTLING CO CONSOLIDATED /DE/ , J. Frank Harrison , III , Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of COCA COLA BOTTLING CO CONSOLIDATED /DE/ , and Clifford M. Deal , III , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of COCA COLA BOTTLING CO CONSOLIDATED /DE/ , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
ContraVir may also terminate the license agreement without cause on a country - by - country basis upon sixty days prior written notice .
Although CLECs have not entered Lumos Networks Corp. incumbent markets to compete with us , it is possible that one or more may enter Lumos Networks Corp. markets .
Mr. Miller also currently serves as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of GCEAR , and has held these positions since August 2008 .
Critical Accounting Estimates Palo Alto Networks Inc condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP .
The resolution of this matter resulted in 1,856,638 shares of HTH common stock , which had been held in escrow during the pendency of the proceeding , being returned to Hilltop Holdings Inc. s pool of authorized but unissued shares of common stock and a pre - tax net increase to other noninterest income of $ 11.6 million during the second quarter of 2017 .
Carthay subsidiary , Wowio , Inc. expect to generate increased revenues as Wowio , Inc. anticipate higher revenue participation as a publisher , earning 30 - 50 % of revenues as opposed to merely a distributor , earning 10 - 20 % of revenues .
LASA includes assets and goodwill associated with operations in Chile and other Latin American countries .
Therefore , TWILIO INC are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations as TWILIO INC convert the financial statements of TWILIO INC foreign subsidiaries into U.S. dollars .
INSTRUCTURE INC are headquartered in Salt Lake City , Utah , and have wholly - owned subsidiaries in the United Kingdom , Australia , the Netherlands and Hong Kong , all of which commenced operations in 2014 and Sweden and Brazil , which commenced operations in February 2015 and September 2015 , respectively .
Production Group Production Group revenue of $ 2.5 billion was 14 % higher sequentially as a result of strong hydraulic fracturing activity and a sustained pricing recovery in North America .
Mr. Schwarzman is an active philanthropist with a history of supporting education and schools .
The Blackstone Group L.P. is the controlling shareholder of Blackstone Holdings I / II GP Inc. Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. is the general partner of The Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. is wholly - owned by Blackstone s senior managing directors and controlled by its founder , Stephen A. Schwarzman .
ENTEGRIS INC annual and quarterly operating results are subject to fluctuations as a result of rapid demand shifts and ENTEGRIS INC modest level of backlog , and if ENTEGRIS INC fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors , the market price of ENTEGRIS INC common stock may decrease significantly .
In addition , as of February 19 , 2016 , Beijing Wonderful Investments , an investment vehicle established and controlled by the People s Republic of China , holds 59,083,468 of Blackstone Group L.P. non - voting common units and may from time to time make open market purchases or sales of Blackstone Group L.P. voting common units .
MB Bancorp Inc currently operate out of MB Bancorp Inc corporate headquarters and main office in Forest Hill , Maryland and two full - service branch offices located in Aberdeen and Perry Hall , Maryland .
General . AMERICAN RIVER BANKSHARES s financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) .
Atlas ' core products are actively distributed in 41 of those states plus Washington , D.C.
Wendell E. Smith Vice President Power Delivery Age 50 Served as Executive Officer since 2014
WFRBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2012 - C7 have examined management 's assertion , included in the accompanying Certification Regarding Compliance with Applicable Servicing Criteria on SEC Regulation AB , that Torchlight Loan Services , LLC ( the Company and the Asserting Party ) complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d ) of the Securities and Exchange Commission 's Regulation AB for the special servicing platform ( Platform ) for commercial mortgage - backed securities transactions that were issued on or after January 1 , 2006 , for which WFRBS Commercial Mortgage Trust 2012 - C7 acted as special servicer as of and for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
Capital Commitment Net Income ( whether or not such indebtedness relates to Capital Commitment Investments ) as set forth in this Agreement , the Investor Note , the other BCE Agreements and any documentation relating to Other Sources ; provided further , that references to Investor Notes herein refer to multiple loans made pursuant to such note , whether made with respect to Capital Commitment Investments or other BCE Investments , and references to an Investor Note refer to one such loan as the context requires .
On October 30 , 2014 , Cytosorbents Corp. entered into the First Amendment to the Distribution Agreement with Biocon , which , among other things , provided for the extension of the term of the original agreement to September 20 , 2017 .
Mr. Stephen C. Gray was also a member of the Audit Committee during 2015 but resigned from this committee upon becoming SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC President and Chief Executive Officer in February 2015 .
Failures to obtain or delays in obtaining licenses may prevent or limit FLIR SYSTEMS INC ability to market , sell , export , or transfer FLIR SYSTEMS INC products outside the United States and has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on FLIR SYSTEMS INC business and its operating results .
Essent Group Ltd. primary insurance subsidiary , Essent Guaranty , Inc , is currently approved by both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as a mortgage insurer .
In addition , Nicholas D. Gerber , John P. Love , Robert Nguyen , and Ray Allen and Kevin Baum are registered with the CFTC as Associated Persons of USCF and are NFA Associate Members .
Additionally , Alta Disposal , Tero and Mr. Hofmann entered into an option agreement entitling Alta Disposal to purchase up to an additional 25 % of the issued and outstanding common shares of Tero from Mr. Hofmann exercisable at a price of $ 500,000 for a period of one year .
Tax Indemnification Adjustments Tax indemnification adjustments , representing a $ 3 million benefit in fiscal 2017 and a $ 317 million charge in fiscal 2016 , resulted from the potential settlement of certain pre - Separation tax liabilities for which Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co share joint and several liability with HP Inc. and for which Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co are partially indemnified by HP Inc. under the Tax Matters Agreement .
Exhibit 32.1 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code , Michael M. Morrissey , Ph . D , the President and Chief Executive Officer of Exelixis , Inc. ( the Company ) , and Christopher J. Senner , the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of EXELIXIS , INC , each hereby certifies that , to the best of his knowledge : 1 .
During the first quarter of 2016 , it was determined that as of the date of the reverse merger and recapitalization between Ecoland and D R Technologies Inc. on January 27 , 2012 , there were certain inaccuracies regarding the amounts recorded as owing on the convertible notes payable that were assigned to Mr. Paolucci .
In connection with Identiv , Inc. 's Revolving Loan Facility and Term Loan , Identiv , Inc. issued to EWB a warrant ( the " EWB Warrant " ) to purchase up to 40,000 shares of Identiv , Inc. 's common stock at a per share exercise price of $ 3.64 , and issued to each of VLL7 and VLL8 a warrant to purchase 290,000 shares of Identiv , Inc. 's common stock at a per share exercise price of $ 2.00 ( the VLL7 Warrant and the VLL8 Warrant , respectively ) .
Equity in ( losses ) earnings of operating affiliates decreased by $ 78 million in 2015 as compared to 2014 due primarily to a $ 62 million impairment of CF Industries Holdings , Inc. equity method investment in PLNL that was recognized in the fourth quarter of 2015 .
In addition , as a result of the Satellite and Tracking Stock Transaction described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements under Part IV , Item 15 , DISH Network owns shares of Hughes Satellite Systems Corp preferred tracking stock representing a 28.11 % economic interest in the residential retail satellite broadband business of Hughes Satellite Systems Corp Hughes segment .
Mr. Zabeli has also served as a director on the Board of Directors of Morgan Stanley Investment Management , a financial services firm , since January 2015 and has been listed as a principal since February 2015 .
In September 2015 , the FASB issued ASU 2015 - 16 , Business Combinations - Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement - Period Adjustments , which is included in the ASC in Topic 805 .
CAM 's revenues related to maintenance increased $ 7.5 million and $ 2.3 million for the three and nine month periods ended September 30 , 2017 , respectively , compared to the corresponding periods of 2016 .
Louis Matis , Chief Development Officer If , in connection with a change of control of Pieris , Pieris terminates Dr. Matis s employment without cause or Dr. Matis terminates his employment for good reason , he will be entitled to receive ( a ) an amount equal to twelve months of salary plus the target bonus amount for the year of termination and ( b ) continuation of COBRA health insurance premiums at PIERIS PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . s then - normal rate of contribution for twelve months .
Furthermore , in order to retain its certificate of authority in the State of Texas , Maison is required to maintain an RBC ratio of 300 % or more .
Mr. Whitworth earned a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Florida and has completed extensive post - graduate coursework and seminars in Law , Public Administration , Health Policy , Finance , Criminal Justice , Social Work and Education .
Mark L. Burns - Vice President of GENERAL DYNAMICS CORP and President of Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation since July 2015 ; Vice President of GENERAL DYNAMICS CORP since February 2014 ; President , Product Support of Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation , June 2008 - June 2015 .
IMMUNOMEDICS INC s U.S. operations reported a net loss for the three and six - month periods ended December 31 , 2015 , resulting in a tax benefit that was fully offset by a valuation allowance .
CYBEROPTICS CORP lease a 19,805 square foot mixed office and warehouse facility in Singapore that serves as a sales , development and final assembly and integration facility for CYBEROPTICS CORP SMT inspection system products .
Revenue - GULF ISLAND FABRICATION INC revenue for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , was $ 49.9 million and $ 65.4 million , respectively , representing a decrease of 23.7 % .
The impairment condition was considered to be other than temporary and therefore NUCOR CORP recorded a $ 153.0 million impairment charge against NUCOR CORP s investment in Duferdofin Nucor in the fourth quarter of 2015 .
The aggregate purchase price for the Motion assets XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP purchased was approximately $ 9 million , plus the assumption of approximately $ 8 million in certain liabilities , net of current assets , including certain accounts payable and obligations for service contracts and product warranties .
Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. was organized as an externally managed , non - diversified closed - end management investment company and has elected to be regulated as a business development company , or BDC , under the Investment Company Act of 1940 , as amended , or the 1940 Act .
Prior to July 31 , 2009 , the date as of which MSSB Holdings became its owner , the General Partner was wholly owned by Citigroup Financial Products Inc , a wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc , the sole owner of which is
On June 17 , 2013 , EASTMAN KODAK CO , the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation and the New York State Urban Development Corporation , d / b / a Empire State Development entered into a settlement agreement , subsequently amended on August 6 , 2013 ( the Amended EBP Settlement Agreement ) .
CYTOKINETICS INC have consumed substantial amounts of capital to date , and CYTOKINETICS INC operating expenditures will increase over the next several years if CYTOKINETICS INC expand CYTOKINETICS INC research and development activities .
The following table sets forth Kura Oncology , Inc. results of operations and changes for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , in thousands : .
During July 2007 , UNITED SECURITY BANCSHARES formed USB Capital Trust II , a wholly - owned special purpose entity , for the purpose of issuing Trust Preferred Securities .
HOME DEPOT INC are also exposed to risks from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of HOME DEPOT INC foreign operations into U.S. dollars and on the purchase of goods by these foreign operations that are not denominated in their local currencies .
LSB INDUSTRIES INC subsidiary and Chevron are pursuing with the state of Kansas , including the KDHE , a corrective action strategy relating to the Hallowell Facility .
Mr. Ball currently serves on the Boards of Ferus Inc , Ferus GP LLC , Ferus Natural Gas Fuels Inc , Ferus Natural Gas Fuels GP , LLC , Ferus Natural Gas Fuels ( CNG ) , LLC , Ascent Resources , LLC , PRES Holdings , LLC and is a board observer of MarkWest Utica EMG , LLC .
If YIELD10 BIOSCIENCE , INC . terminates Mr. Haaser s employment without cause or if Mr. Haaser terminates his employment for good reason within the twenty - four month period immediately following , or the two month period immediately prior to , a " change of control " ( as defined in the agreement ) , in addition to any accrued obligations , and subject to certain conditions , Mr. Haaser will be entitled to the separation benefits and automatic full vesting of his unvested stock options .
Harley - Davidson Credit Corp. Harley - Davidson Motorcycle Trust 2015 - 2 have examined management 's assertion , included in the accompanying Report on Assessment of Compliance with SEC Regulation AB Servicing Criteria , that Harley - Davidson Credit Corp. ( the Company ) complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122 ( d ) of the Securities and Exchange Commission 's Regulation AB for the asset - backed securities transactions for which Harley - Davidson Motorcycle Trust 2015 - 2 acted as servicer , involving motorcycle loans , issued on or after January 1 , 2006 ( the " Platform " ) as of and for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , except for servicing criteria 1122 ( d)(1)(iii ) , 1122 ( d)(1)(iv ) , 1122 ( d)(2)(iv ) , 1122 ( d)(2)(v ) , 1122 ( d)(2)(vi ) , 1122 ( d)(3)(iii ) , 1122 ( d)(4)(ix ) , 1122 ( d)(4)(x ) , 1122 ( d)(4)(xi ) , 1122 ( d)(4)(xii ) , 1122 ( d)(4)(xiii ) and 1122 ( d)(4)(xv ) , which Harley - Davidson Motorcycle Trust 2015 - 2 has determined are not applicable to the activities performed by them with respect to the servicing platform covered by this report .
On September 16 , 2012 , a ship - owner named Eastshine Limited filed a civil claim against five parties , including ALC , in the Qingdao Maritime Court ( QMC ) in China , claiming losses suffered of CNY 9.9 million ( approximately $ 1.6 million ) due to the allegedly wrongful arrest of a vessel named Tongli Yantai .
Subsidiaries State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation Percentage of Voting Securities Owned 716 Park Street LC Virginia , United States Asia Index Private Limited India Bentek Energy , LLC Colorado , United States BIZNET.TV , Inc. New York , United States BRC Investor Services S.A. Colombia Capital IQ , SRL Argentina CME Group Beijing Holdings , LLC Delaware , United States CME Group Index Services Germany GmbH Germany CME Information Services ( Beijing ) Co , Ltd. China Coalition Development Ltd. United Kingdom Coalition Singapore Pte .
At December 31 , 2015 , Sempra Energy s U.S. subsidiaries had $ 2.8 billion of unused U.S. state NOLs , primarily in Alabama , California and Louisiana .
PURA - DE , a Delaware corporation , was formed in 2013 .
I , Jill C. Blumhoff , Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer , certify that : .
Mr. Rowley joined Adobe in November 2006 and currently serves as Vice President , Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer .
As previously disclosed by REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP in its Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q that was filed with the SEC on November 4 , 2015 , Roberto Simon , REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , tendered his resignation from Revlon , Inc. and Products Corporation effective on or about February 26 , 2016 .
Mr. MacDonald previously served on the board of directors of Computer Sciences Corporation from August 2013 to April 2017 , the board of directors of Sunoco from March 2012 to October 2012 , Sunoco Logistics from October 2009 to October 2012 , and on the board of directors of Ally Financial , Inc. from May 2013 to July 2014 following his appointment by the U.S. Department of the Treasury .
TRS - RenTelco For the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , TRS - RenTelco s total revenues decreased $ 2.7 million , or 10 % , to $ 25.3 million compared to the same period in 2016 , primarily due to lower sales , rental and rental related services revenues .
Taylor Morrison Home Corp results therefore may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis and Taylor Morrison Home Corp must maintain sufficient liquidity to meet short - term operating requirements .
Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement - Notes , LSB INDUSTRIES INC have agreed to use LSB INDUSTRIES INC reasonable best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement on an appropriate form with respect to a registered offer to exchange the notes for new notes with terms substantially identical in all material respects to the notes , cause the registration statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act , and complete the exchange within 180 days after the effective date of such registration statement .
Mr. Thompson has previously served on the boards of directors of Rinker Group Ltd , a publicly - traded , Australian - based multinational building products company acquired by CEMEX in 2007 , and Stillwater Mining Company , a publicly - traded mining company primarily engaged in the development , extraction , processing , smelting , refining , and marketing of palladium , platinum , and associated metals in Montana .
I , Michael Hill , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Total Sports Media , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ,
In determining the mortality assumptions for MCCORMICK & CO INC U.S. defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans , MCCORMICK & CO INC have considered the updated mortality tables issued by the Society of Actuaries in 2014 and 2015 , coupled with other mortality information from the Social Security Administration and from MCCORMICK & CO INC consulting actuaries that MCCORMICK & CO INC believe is more closely aligned with MCCORMICK & CO INC industry and participant mix to develop assumptions that MCCORMICK & CO INC believe are most representative of the characteristics of MCCORMICK & CO INC participant populations .
Effective May 29 , 2015 , Chuantao Wang , Jianguo Xu , Tim Xia , Junwen Hou , Sijun He , Xiaodong Yan and Vincent Wang all resigned as Directors ; Jianguo Xu resigned as Chief Executive Officer ; and Chunhua Huang resigned as Chief Financial Officer .
As of December 31 , 2015 , MARCUS CORP hotels and resorts operations included eight wholly - owned or majority - owned and operated hotels and resorts in Wisconsin , Illinois , Nebraska and Oklahoma .
A Seller Party will be deemed to have Knowledge of a particular fact or other matter if any of the following individuals has Knowledge of such fact or other matter : Mark E. Ellis , President and Chief Executive Officer , Arden L. Walker , Jr , Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer , David B. Rottino , Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer , and Thomas E. Emmons , Senior Vice President , Corporate Services .
In particular , ARDELYX , INC . are highly dependent upon Michael Raab , ARDELYX , INC . President and Chief Executive Officer , Reginald Seeto , MBBS , ARDELYX , INC . Chief Operating Officer , Jeremy Caldwell , Ph . D , ARDELYX , INC . Chief Scientific Officer and David Rosenbaum , Ph . D , ARDELYX , INC . Chief Development Officer .
In assessing these risks you should also refer to the information contained in or incorporated by reference to VIEW SYSTEMS INC Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , including VIEW SYSTEMS INC financial statements and the related notes thereto .
NM Not Meaningful During the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , Unified Communications Services revenue decreased $ 11.6 million , or 3.2 % , to $ 351.1 million from $ 362.7 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 .
The directors and executive officers of the General Partner are Patrick T. Egan ( President and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the General Partner ) , Steven Ross ( Chief Financial Officer and Director ) , M. Paul Martin ( Director ) and Feta Zabeli ( Director ) .
Julia Coronado , 47 , is Chief Economist of the Manager , specializing in fiscal and monetary policy .
On April 21 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into an amended agreement with Sonic Cavitation , whereby Sonic Cavitation agreed to facilitate the construction of one sonic cavitation generator .
As most of ChinaNet Online Holdings , Inc. operations are conducted through ChinaNet Online Holdings , Inc. PRC subsidiaries and VIEs , ChinaNet Online Holdings , Inc. ability to pay dividends is primarily dependent on receiving distributions of funds from ChinaNet Online Holdings , Inc. PRC subsidiaries and VIEs .
As reported in HERC HOLDINGS INC 2016 Form 10 - K , HERC HOLDINGS INC did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31 , 2016 as a result of material weaknesses in the Control Environment , Risk Assessment and Monitoring areas which continue to exist as of June 30 , 2017 .
The undersigned directors and officers of TOMI Environmental Solutions , Inc. constitute and appoint Halden S. Shane and Nick Jennings , or either of them , as their true and lawful attorney and agent with power of substitution , to do any and all acts and things in TOMI Environmental Solutions , Inc. name and behalf in TOMI Environmental Solutions , Inc. capacities as directors and officers and to execute any and all instruments for us and in TOMI Environmental Solutions , Inc. names in the capacities indicated below , which said attorney and agent may deem necessary or advisable to enable said corporation to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , and any rules , regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission , in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10 - K , including specifically but without limitation , power and authority to sign for us or any of us in TOMI Environmental Solutions , Inc. names in the capacities indicated below , any and all amendments hereto ; and TOMI Environmental Solutions , Inc. do hereby ratify and confirm all that said attorney and agent shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT can not assure you that CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT costs of complying with new standards or laws will not adversely affect CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT business , results of operations or financial condition .
WHEREAS , BRISTOW GROUP INC , a Delaware corporation ( the Company ) , intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Commission ) pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder , an Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended March 31 , 2017 of Bristow Group Inc , together with any and all exhibits , documents and other instruments and documents necessary , advisable or appropriate in connection therewith , including any amendments thereto ( the Form 10 - K. NOW , THEREFORE , the undersigned , in her capacity as a director or officer or both , as the case may be , of Bristow Group Inc , does hereby appoint Jonathan E. Baliff , L. Don Miller and E. Chipman Earle , and each of them severally , her true and lawful attorney or attorneys with power to act with or without the other , and with full power of substitution and resubstitution , to execute in her name , place and stead , in her capacity as director , officer or both , as the case may be , of Bristow Group Inc , the Form 10 - K and any and all amendments thereto , including any and all exhibits and other instruments and documents said attorney or attorneys shall deem necessary , appropriate or advisable in connection therewith , and to file the same with the Commission and to appear before the Commission in connection with any matter relating thereto .
Youqian Deng - Mr. Deng served as the Workshop Director of Shenzhen Baileqi Science Technology Company from May 2013 to September 2016 .
Christine H. Yap , Managing Director and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , joined ICON in May 2013 as a Senior Director of Accounting and Finance and was promoted to Principal Financial and Accounting Officer in September 2014 .
Mr. Booth has also serve on the boards of directors of INCSTAR Corporation from 1994 to 1997 , Microvena Corporation from 1998 to 2001 , Phillips Plastics Corporation from 2000 to 2002 , Imricor Medical Systems Inc. from 2007 to 2014 , Spineology Inc. from 1998 to the present and Data Sciences International in January 2017 .
During the third quarter of 2015 , GALLAGHER ARTHUR J & CO settled litigation against certain former U.K. executives and their advisors for a pretax gain of $ 31.0 million ( $ 22.3 million net of costs and taxes ) .
Enservco Corp may be unable to meet the obligations of various financial covenants that are contained in the terms of Enservco Corp loan agreements with Enservco Corp principal lender , PNC Bank , National Association .
YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . believe that YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . operations in China are in material compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements .
Foundation Building Materials , Inc. founder , President and Chief Executive Officer Ruben Mendoza , is an accomplished leader with over 25 years of industry experience .
In addition , HDS s shareholders have pledged their equity interest in HDS to JSJ , irrevocably granted JSJ an exclusive option to purchase , to the extent permitted under PRC Law , all or part of the equity interests in HDS and agreed to entrust all the rights to exercise their voting power to the person(s ) appointed by JSJ .
Linda H. Blair President and Chief Executive Officer Gretchen L. Holloway Vice President , Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Jon E. Jipping Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Daniel J. Oginsky Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Christine Mason Soneral Senior Vice President and General Counsel Joseph L. Welch Former President and Chief Executive Officer Rejji P. Hayes Former Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
Flagship Global Corp 's interim unaudited financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern that contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business .
Mr. Cromling joined Unit Drilling Company in 1997 as a Vice - President and Division Manager .
Mr. Ludwig has worked in the financial industry for twenty - five years , and he developed NLEX from its start as a post - Resolution Trust Corporation ( RTC ) sales outlet to the nation 's leading broker of charged - off credit card and consumer debt accounts .
For example , with respect to Medicaid , in order for a manufacturer 's products to be reimbursed by federal funding under Medicaid , the manufacturer must enter into a Medicaid rebate agreement with the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , and pay certain rebates to the states based on utilization data provided by each state to the manufacturer and to CMS , and pricing data provided by the manufacturer to the federal government .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of General Electric Company ( the registrant ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the report ) , GENERAL ELECTRIC CO , John L. Flannery and Jeffrey S. Bornstein , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer , respectively , of the registrant , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , that to GENERAL ELECTRIC CO knowledge : ( 1 )
As of September 30 , 2017 , PLAINS ALL AMERICAN PIPELINE LP outstanding foreign currency derivatives include derivatives PLAINS ALL AMERICAN PIPELINE LP use to hedge currency exchange risk ( i ) associated with USD - denominated commodity purchases and sales in Canada and ( ii ) created by the use of USD - denominated commodity derivatives to hedge commodity price risk associated with CAD - denominated commodity purchases and sales .
Within its Global Solutions business , Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc. operates from eight service centers and 11 dispatch offices throughout the United States .
Within the global interest rate sector , losses were incurred primarily during the last week of June from long European fixed income futures positions as prices reversed lower following comments by Mario Draghi , President of the European Central Bank , expressing optimism on Eurozone inflation , which triggered a rebound in government bond yields .
At December 31 , 2015 , MB Bancorp Inc held no stock in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
In connection with his appointment as a member of the board of directors of Carlyle Group L.P. general partner in October 2015 , Mr. Welters received a pro - rated grant of DRUs equivalent to $ 50,017 on November 1 , 2015 that vests on May 1 , 2016 and received a pro - rated amount of the annual cash retainer totaling $ 22,727 .
Prior to W.P. Carey , from June 1997 to October 2011 , Ms. Yap was employed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP , rising to the level of Director .
Mr. Poling brings GCP Applied Technologies Inc. board his extensive experience in sales , manufacturing , marketing and executive management , including in particular his experience in leading Grace Construction Products and Darex .
KNOW ALL BY THESE PRESENTS THAT I , BARRY DILLER , a director of The Coca - Cola Company ( the " Company " ) , do hereby appoint MUHTAR KENT , Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of COCA COLA CO , KATHY N. WALLER , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of COCA COLA CO , BERNHARD GOEPELT , Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Chief Legal Counsel of COCA COLA CO , and JENNIFER MANNING , Corporate Secretary of COCA COLA CO , or any one of them , my true and lawful attorneys - in - fact for me and in my name for the purpose of executing on my behalf in any and all capacities COCA COLA CO 's Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , or any amendment or supplement thereto , and causing such Annual Report or any such amendment or supplement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended .
ACTIVECARE , INC . typically entered into contracts on a month - to - month basis with end users that used CareServices .
In the long term , BROWN FORMAN CORP continue to expect BROWN FORMAN CORP growth rates in non - U.S. markets to surpass BROWN FORMAN CORP growth rates in the United States .
We do not believe inflation has had or will have a significant negative impact on CHINA RECYCLING ENERGY CORP results of operations in 2017 .
Mr. Rodriguez served as Chief Executive Officer and President and as a board member of Rave Cinemas in Dallas , Texas for two years until its sale in May 2013 .
MARTEN TRANSPORT LTD do not believe there are any material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A to Part 1 of MARTEN TRANSPORT LTD Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
In 2015 , INDEPENDENCE HOLDING CO recognized a gain of $ 9,940,000 , pre - tax , on the transaction consisting of : ( i ) a pre - tax gain on the deconsolidation of $ 11,441,000 , measured as the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of the retained investment in Ebix Health Exchange less the carrying amount of the former subsidiary s net assets ; partially offset by ( ii ) a contingent liability of $ 1,501,000 representing INDEPENDENCE HOLDING CO s estimated obligation to fund future cash operating losses through December 31 , 2016 per the terms of the joint venture agreement .
Assignment Agreement dated October 31 , 2013 between Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company and JDF Capital Inc. ( incorporated by reference to Lithium Exploration Group , Inc.
In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report of Cohu , Inc. ( the " Company " ) on Form 10 - Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 25 , 2017 ( the " Report " ) , I , Luis A. M ller , President and Chief Executive Officer of COHU INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , based on my knowledge : .
No impairment had occurred with respect to LinnCo , LLC s investment in LINN Energy for the year ended December 31 , 2013 .
Receipt of a dividend from CYBEROPTICS CORP wholly owned subsidiary in Singapore impacted CYBEROPTICS CORP income tax rate by a negative 28.9 % in 2015 .
On February 19 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into a share exchange agreement with GTCL and the GTCL Shareholders .
Erin Falconer age 41 Erin Falconer , is the co - owner and Editor - in - Chief of PickTheBrain.com , which is currently one of the most successful self - development websites on the internet , with Forbes Magazine distinguishing her blog as One of the Top 100 Most Influential Sites for Women , in 2013 .
As described above , Antero Midstream Partners LP do not maintain individual employment agreements , severance agreements or change in control agreements with Antero Midstream Partners LP Named Executive Officers ; however , the unvested units in Holdings granted to Messrs. Rady , Warren , Schopp , McNeilly and Kennedy could be affected by the termination of their employment or the occurrence of certain corporate events .
Inc. Houston data center or Medidata Solutions , Inc. use of AWS or that causes a decrease in responsiveness of Medidata Solutions , Inc. cloud - based solutions could damage Medidata Solutions , Inc. reputation and cause us to lose customers , which would harm Medidata Solutions , Inc. business and results of operations .
Prior to his tenure with Venrock , Dr. Rastetter was Executive Chairman of Biogen Idec Inc.
SCC and Darex have operated in Venezuela for several decades , with sales in that country representing approximately 8 % and 4 % , respectively , of each segment s sales in 2015 .
In July 2015 , SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC received $ 7.8 million in cash proceeds from the sale of SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC ownership interests in partner company Quantia , Inc.
In May 2016 , as part of a broader agreement with Jubilant Biosys ( Jubilant ) , an India - based biotechnology company , TG THERAPEUTICS , INC . entered into a sub - license agreement ( JBET Agreement ) with Checkpoint Therapeutics , Inc. ( Checkpoint ) , a subsidiary of Fortress , for the development and commercialization of Jubilant s novel BET inhibitor program in the field of hematological malignancies .
Mr. Johnson has served as a member of the board of directors of Insight Communications , TRW Automotive Holdings and the governing board of St. Albans School .
At December 31 , 2016 and 2015 , total assets of RIA were $ 6.5 million and $ 6.1 million , which included $ 6.3 million and $ 5.8 million in cash , respectively .
In September 2015 , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC closed on the acquisition of certain non - license assets of WDSI ( FOX ) and WFLI ( CW ) in Chattanooga , Tennessee , from New Age Media .
If HERTZ CORP is not acting as its own Paying Agent , it shall , on or prior to 12:00 p.m , New York City time on each due date of the principal of ( and premium , if any ) or interest on any Notes , deposit with a Paying Agent a sum sufficient to pay the principal ( and premium , if any ) or interest , so becoming due , such sum to be held in trust for the benefit of the Persons entitled to such principal , premium or interest , and ( unless such Paying Agent is the Trustee ) HERTZ CORP shall promptly notify the Trustee of its action or failure so to act .
Global Telesat Communications Limited ( GTCL ) was formed under the laws of England and Wales in 2008 .
SPAN AMERICA MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC gross profit increased by 13 % to $ 5.9 million , or 38.5 % of net sales , as a result of sales increases in the higher - margin medical products segment .
In February 2016 , Notis Global , Inc. sold 70 % of its ownership interest in San Diego Sunrise for approximately $ 299,000 .
During 2013 FBR & Co. completed 51 client engagements including six sole - managed equity private placements that generated $ 134.0 million of FBR & Co. capital raising revenue in the period .
Under SKYWEST INC s fixed fee arrangements ( referred to as fixed - fee arrangements , contract flying or capacity purchase agreements ) with Delta , United , American and Alaska , the major airline generally pays SKYWEST INC a fixed fee for each departure , flight or block time incurred , and an amount per aircraft in service each month with additional incentives based on completion of flights and on time performance .
ITEM 1 Business Hornbeck Offshore Services , Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1997 .
Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , COMMERCE BANCSHARES INC /MO/ , David W. Kemper and Charles G. Kim , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer , respectively , of COMMERCE BANCSHARES INC /MO/ , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of COMMERCE BANCSHARES INC /MO/ knowledge : .
At September 30 , 2017 , OVERSTOCK.COM , INC held minority interests in Bitt and Spera , two privately held entities .
As SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO discuss in Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements , based on an amended settlement agreement approved by the CPUC in 2014 , SDG E is authorized to recover in rates its remaining investment in SONGS , including base plant and construction work in progress ; and .
On February 25 , 2016 , the court granted Fifth Street Asset Management Inc. s unopposed motion to transfer the case to the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York , where the case could be coordinated as appropriate with the securities class actions filed by FSC shareholders .
On December 21 , 2015 , Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. was organized as a Colorado limited liability company under and pursuant to the Act .
CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . business operations are conducted by CPE Resources , formerly known as Rio Tinto Sage LLC , a Delaware limited liability company formed as a 100 % owned subsidiary of RTEA on August 19 , 2008 .
Although Broadcom Cayman L.P. operate a primarily outsourced manufacturing business model , Broadcom Cayman L.P. also rely on Broadcom Cayman L.P. own manufacturing facilities , in particular in Fort Collins , Colorado , Singapore , and Breinigsville , Pennsylvania .
AATI provides secured trucking transportation of high - value cargo throughout the continental United States and is expected to complement BRINKS CO existing tractor trailer division in the United States .
Jure Perko Name : Jure Perko Title : President , Treasurer and Secretary ( Principal Executive , Financial and Accounting Officer )
From 1988 to 1993 , Dr. Davies served McConnel Ltd , a U.K. company acquired by Alamo Group in 1991 , in various capacities including serving as its Marketing Director from February 1992 until December 1993 .
U.S. based subsidiaries , Net Element , Inc. generate revenues from transactional services and other payment technologies for small and medium - sized businesses .
Until Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock is listed on a national securities exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange or the Nasdaq Stock Market , Orbital Tracking Corp. expect Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock to remain eligible for quotation on the OTC Markets , or on another over - the - counter quotation system , or in the pink sheets .
During his tenure at Isilon , Mr. Stockdale served as Vice - President of Hardware Systems .
In September 2014 , Cleartronic , Inc. formed ReadyOp Communications , Inc. ( a Florida corporation ) , as a wholly owned subsidiary to facilitate the marketing of ReadyOp software .
Adama Technologies Corp were incorporated in Delaware on September 17 , 2007 as 1 Lane Technologies Corporation .
Joinder to Guaranty and Security Agreement , dated as of April 1 , 2014 , by and among Wells Fargo Bank , N.A. as agent for itself and the other lenders party thereto , Power Solutions International , Inc , The W Group , Inc , Power Solutions , Inc , Power Great Lakes , Inc , Auto Manufacturing , Inc , Torque Power Source Parts , Inc , Power Properties , L.L.C , Power Production , Inc , Power Global Solutions , Inc , PSI International , LLC , XISync LLC and Professional Power Products , Inc , joining Professional Power Products , Inc. as a party thereto ( incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8 - K , dated April 1 , 2014 , filed with the Commission on April 2 , 2014 ) .
For a description of AUTOLIV INC material legal proceedings , see Note 13 Contingent Liabilities Legal Proceedings to AUTOLIV INC unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q. Other than as set forth below , as of September 30 , 2017 , there have been no material changes to the risk factors that were previously disclosed in Item 1A in AUTOLIV INC s Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 filed with the SEC on February 23 , 2017 .
In the latter half of fiscal year 2014 continuing into 2016 , CIRCOR INTERNATIONAL INC operating results were adversely affected due to dramatic decreases in the price of oil and CIRCOR INTERNATIONAL INC customers reduced their spending on CIRCOR INTERNATIONAL INC products as level of activity fell .
On September 29 , 2015 , RETAIL OPPORTUNITY INVESTMENTS CORP entered into a term loan agreement with KeyBank National Association , as Administrative Agent , and U.S. Bank National Association , as Syndication Agent and the other lenders party thereto , under which the lenders agreed to provide a $ 300.0 million unsecured term loan facility .
Mr. Lebovits has served on the board of several oil and gas companies including Rialto Energy and Shemen Oil and Gas Resources , both of which are public companies .
ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS , that GrowGeneration Corp , the undersigned officers and directors GrowGeneration Corp , a Colorado corporation ( the Registrant ) , do hereby constitute and appoint Darren Lampert and Irwin Lampert , and each of them , as his or her true and lawful attorney - in - fact and agents , with full power of substitution and re - substitution , for him and in his name , place , and stead , in any and all capacities , to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10 - K , and to file the same , with all exhibits thereto , and other documents in connection therewith , with the Securities and Exchange Commission , granting unto said attorneys - in - fact and agents , and each of them , full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith , as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person , hereby ratifying and confirming that all said attorneys - in - fact and agents , or any of them or their or his substitute or substitutes , may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof .
FS Energy & Power Fund could experience fluctuations in FS Energy & Power Fund quarterly operating results due to a number of factors , including FS Energy & Power Fund ability or inability to make investments in companies that meet FS Energy & Power Fund investment criteria , the interest rate payable on the debt securities FS Energy & Power Fund acquire , the level of FS Energy & Power Fund expenses , variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses , the degree to which FS Energy & Power Fund encounter competition in FS Energy & Power Fund markets and general economic conditions .
As of December 31 , 2015 Wells Fargo Bank , National Association U.S. Bank National Association As Indenture Trustee 300 Delaware Avenue , 9th Floor Attn : Marianna C. Stershic Wilmington , Delaware 19801 Sixth Street and Marquette Avenue .
Mr. Morgan no longer serves as Vice President of Cord Blood America , Inc , but remains in his positions as Corporate Secretary and General Counsel .
Under current tax laws and regulations , if accumulated earnings and profits held by MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INC foreign subsidiaries that U.S. taxes had not previously been provided for were to be distributed to the U.S , in the form of dividends or otherwise , MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INC would be subject to additional U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes .
The Company entered into a consulting agreement with Wei Cao , which is effective as of February 7 , 2016 and terminate on February 7 , 2018 , pursuant to which Wei Cao will advise the Chief Executive Officer on M A and other strategic opportunities , participate in the Company s internal scientific review and actively work with Cellular Biomedicine Group , Inc. s Scientific Advisory Board and provide other consulting services etc .
AmerInst Professional Services , Limited ( APSL ) , a subsidiary of AmerInst , has employment agreements with four key members of senior management , including one of AMERINST INSURANCE GROUP LTD named executive officers , Kyle Nieman , the President of APSL , which grant them phantom shares of the Company .
As a condition to the effectiveness of the amended Commitment Letter , GENCO SHIPPING & TRADING LTD entered into stock purchase agreements ( the Purchase Agreements ) effective as of October 4 , 2016 with funds or related entities managed by Centerbridge Partners , L.P. or its affiliates ( Centerbridge ) , Strategic Value Partners , LLC ( SVP ) and Apollo Global Management , LLC ( Apollo and , together with Centerbridge and SVP , the Investors ) for the purchase of GENCO SHIPPING & TRADING LTD Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for an aggregate of up to $ 125 million in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended .
These policies require strict compliance with U.S. and local laws and regulations applicable to FTI CONSULTING INC business operations , including those laws and regulations prohibiting improper payments to government officials .
In addition , comparing Guidewire Software , Inc. results of operations on a period - to - period basis , particularly on a sequential quarterly basis , may not be meaningful .
The following table sets forth , for the periods indicated , AMEDICA Corp results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 ( in thousands ): .
In connection with the Annual Report of Armada Hoffler Properties Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the period ended December 31 , 201 5 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Louis S. Haddad , President and Chief Executive Officer , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , in my capacity as an officer of Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc.
Liquidity and Capital Resources At December 31 , 2016 , FLIR SYSTEMS INC had a total of $ 361.3 million in cash and cash equivalents , $ 98.3 million of which was in the United States and $ 263.0 million at FLIR SYSTEMS INC foreign subsidiaries , compared to cash and cash equivalents at December 31 , 2015 of $ 472.8 million , of which $ 129.6 million was in the United States and $ 343.2 million at FLIR SYSTEMS INC foreign subsidiaries .
Mr. Rouse was initially employed by TYSON FOODS INC in 2004 .
For more information , see PG E Corporation s and the Utility s 2016 Form 10 - K and 2017 Q1 Form 10 - Q. Cost of Capital .
Further , HomeStreet , Inc. anticipate that HomeStreet , Inc. regulatory burden will increase substantially in the event that HomeStreet , Inc. exceed $ 10 billion in total assets , which may happen in the next few years if HomeStreet , Inc. continue HomeStreet , Inc.
Enova International , Inc. previously provided services in Canada in the provinces of Ontario , British Columbia , Alberta and Saskatchewan under the name DollarsDirect at www.dollarsdirect.ca , and Enova International , Inc. began providing services there in October 2009 .
In October 2003 , HLBE entered into an industrial water supply development and distribution agreement with the City of Heron Lake , Jackson County , and Minnesota Soybean Processors , an unrelated company .
Exhibits Exhibit Number Exhibit Executive Separation Agreement and Release between ARROW FINANCIAL CORP and Terry R. Goodemote signed November 1 , 2017 * Awareness Letter Certification of Chief Executive Officer under SEC Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a ) Certification of Chief Financial Officer under SEC Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a ) Certification of Chief Executive Officer under 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and Certification of Chief Financial Officer under 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 XBRL Instance Document XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document .
On August 31 , 2016 , Pike also entered into an agreement with M T for a $ 2.0 million revolving line of credit at an interest rate equal to LIBOR plus 2.75 % with principal repayable on demand by M T. There was no amount outstanding on this line of credit as of September 30 , 2017 .
Also on December 10 , 2014 , Orbital Tracking Corp , Orbital Sub , GTC and World entered into a license agreement pursuant to which GTC granted to Orbital Sub a fully paid and irrevocable non - exclusive license to use certain equipment owned by GTC or its affiliates consisting of Appliqu s located in Globalstar s facilities .
Chrimar Systems , or Chrimar , filed in July 2015 a complaint in the U.S. District Court , Eastern District of Texas , asserting that certain of AEROHIVE NETWORKS , INC s products which utilize Power over Ethernet ( " POE " ) functionality infringe United States Patent Nos . 8,155,012 , or the ' 012 Patent , 8,902,760 , or the ' 760 Patent , 8,942,107 , or the ' 107 Patent and 9,019,838 , or the ' 838 Patent .
Granite Falls Energy , LLC production operations are carried out at Granite Falls Energy , LLC ethanol plant located in Granite Falls , Minnesota and at the ethanol plant operated by Granite Falls Energy , LLC majority owned subsidiary , Heron Lake BioEnergy , LLC ( " Heron Lake BioEnergy " or " HLBE " ) , near Heron Lake , Minnesota .
Otmane Tajmouati Name : Otmane Tajmouati Title : President , Treasurer , Secretary and Director ( Principal Executive , Financial and Accounting Officer ) 18 .
On April 12 , 2010 , SmartHeat Investment formed SmartHeat ( Shenyang ) Energy Equipment Co , Ltd , or SmartHeat Energy , as its wholly owned subsidiary for the research , development , manufacturing and sales of energy products .
Nucor last assessed its equity investment in Duferdofin Nucor for impairment in 2015 due to the protracted challenging steel market conditions caused by excess global overcapacity , which increased in 2015 , and the difficult economic environment in Europe .
As a railway law enforcement agency , CP Police Services are headquartered in Calgary , Alberta , with police officers assigned to over 25 field offices responsible for railway police operations in six Canadian provinces and 14 U.S. states .
In August 2017 , System Energy submitted to the FERC proposed amendments to the Unit Power Sales Agreement pursuant to which System Energy sells its Grand Gulf capacity and energy to Entergy Arkansas , Entergy Louisiana , Entergy Mississippi , and Entergy New Orleans .
Mr. Cavanagh joined IsoRay Medical , Inc. in January 2010 and served as Vice President , Research and Development until March 3 , 2016 , other than serving as interim Chief Executive Officer for IsoRay from January 7 , 2016 to February 14 , 2016 .
STK Austin will operate a restaurant known as STK in Austin , Texas .
Christopher Marzilli - Vice President of GENERAL DYNAMICS CORP and President of General Dynamics Mission Systems since January 2015 ; Vice President of GENERAL DYNAMICS CORP and President of General Dynamics C4 Systems , January 2006 - December 2014 ; Senior Vice President and Deputy General Manager of General Dynamics C4 Systems , November 2003 - January 2006 .
Phillip R. May , Jr. Phillip R. May , Jr. Chairman of the Board , President , and Chief Executive Officer of Entergy Louisiana , LLC .
The existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit Takung Art Co , Ltd. ability to utilize revenue generated in Renminbi to fund Takung Art Co , Ltd. business activities outside of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to Takung Art Co , Ltd. stockholders , including holders of Takung Art Co , Ltd. shares of common stock .
Funding 's direct wholly owned subsidiary is MHC Inc. ( " MHC " ) , which constitutes substantially all of MidAmerican Funding 's assets , liabilities and business activities except those related to MidAmerican
Mr. Schriesheim joined SEARS HOLDINGS CORP as Executive Vice President in August 2011 and became Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer that same month .
Lori D. Fouch . Lori D. Fouch . President and Chief Executive Officer . pruco-2017331xex312.htm .
AXIOM HOLDINGS , INC . incorporated wholly - owned subsidiaries , Quality Resort Hotels , Inc. ( QRH ) in Florida on August 8 , 2013 and Horizon Resources Co. Ltd ( Horizon ) in the Cayman Islands on September 7 , 2015 .
AMES NATIONAL CORP financial performance generally , and in particular the ability of customers to pay interest on and repay principal of outstanding loans and the value of collateral securing those loans , as well as demand for loans and other products and services AMES NATIONAL CORP offer , is highly dependent upon the business environment not only in the markets where AMES NATIONAL CORP operate but also in the state of Iowa generally and in the United States as a whole .
Prior to joining Safeguard , Mr. Sisko served as Chief Legal Officer , Senior .
IXYS CORP /DE/ net revenues from the sale of power semiconductors decreased by $ 1.0 million , or 2.0 % ; IXYS CORP /DE/ net revenues from the sale of ICs decreased by $ 4.7 million , or 20.2 % ; and IXYS CORP /DE/ net revenues from the sale of systems and RF power semiconductor devices decreased by $ 0.4 million , or 7.3 % .
On January 25 , 2016 , Jeff Schuett , Executive Vice President of Operations and Technology Solutions , ceased employment with Ominto , Inc.
The transfer restrictions set forth above will continue to apply generally for one year following the termination of employment of a named executive officer other than Mr. Schwarzman for any reason , except that the transfer restrictions set forth above will lapse upon death or permanent disability .
( 3 ) On March 21 , 2014 , Jeff Mitchell , Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Ambient Water Corp entered into a separation agreement whereby Mr. Mitchell resigned his executive officer positions .
A summary of Semler Scientific , Inc. s stock option activity and related information for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 is as follows : .
AGE : 71 Warren Bryant joined OFFICE DEPOT INC Board in November 2013 .
FairPoint had operating revenues of $ 198.0 million for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 and pro forma operating revenues of $ 599.0 for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , or approximately 54 % of Consolidated Communications Holdings , Inc. consolidated operating revenues for each period , and total assets of $ 1.7 billion at September 30 , 2017 , or approximately 45 % of Consolidated Communications Holdings , Inc. consolidated total assets , which are included in the condensed consolidated financial statements of Consolidated Communications Holdings , Inc. as of and for the quarter and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 .
Investment in Medallion Bank and Other Controlled Subsidiaries Investment in Medallion Bank and other controlled subsidiaries were 47 % , 45 % , and 27 % of MEDALLION FINANCIAL CORP total portfolio at March 31 , 2017 , December 31 , 2016 , and March 31 , 2016 .
During the Prospectus Delivery Period , Actinium Pharmaceuticals , Inc. will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Placement Shares to be listed on the Exchange and to qualify the Placement Shares for sale under the securities laws of such jurisdictions in the United States as the Agents reasonably designates and to continue such qualifications in effect so long as required for the distribution of the Placement Shares ; provided , however , that Actinium Pharmaceuticals , Inc. shall not be required in connection therewith to qualify as a foreign corporation or dealer in securities or file a general consent to service of process in any jurisdiction .
The effectiveness of Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. 's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31 , 2015 , has been audited by Deloitte Touche LLP , an independent registered public accounting firm , as stated in their report , which appears herein .
Yext , Inc. were incorporated in 2006 and originally operated as an advertising services company .
SunOpta Inc. completed three acquisitions during 2015 , including the Sunrise Acquisition , which was the largest acquisition in the history of SunOpta Inc. company .
The JDRC shall be co - chaired by one ( 1 ) representative selected by Array and one ( 1 ) representative selected by Ono ( the JDRC Chairpersons ) .
Under the amended Virginia law , APCo s existing generation and distribution base rates are frozen until after the Virginia SCC rules on APCo s next biennial review , which APCo will file in March 2020 for the 2018 and 2019 test years .
GLADSTONE COMMERCIAL CORP president , Mr. Robert Cutlip , is an executive managing director of GLADSTONE COMMERCIAL CORP Adviser .
The surcharges of the VAT is 12%-14 % of the VAT , depending on which tax jurisdiction ChinaNet Online Holdings , Inc. s PRC operating subsidiaries and VIE operate in .
All of SMARTHEAT INC . s products sold in the PRC are subject to a VAT of 17 % of gross sales price .
In November 2012 , HNS entered into an agreement with DISH Network L.L.C. pursuant to which HNS constructed for DISH Network a ground - based satellite radio access network for a fixed fee .
$ 15 million reduction to the loss from plant closure in 2015 primarily based on CPUC approval of a compliance filing related to SDG E s authorized recovery of its investment in SONGS compared to a $ 21 million increase to the loss in 2014 , as SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO discuss in Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .
In consideration of the license , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. will pay to GD Glottech International a royalty based on the tonnage of water produced by Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. use of the technology in accordance with the agreement .
One of RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC affiliates is the managing member of fewer than ten New Market Tax Credit Funds ( NMTC Funds ) , and , as discussed in Note 2 on page 127 of RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC 2016 Form 10 - K , this affiliate is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of these NMTC Funds .
Pursuant to the compensation and services agreement with Majestic Property Management Corp. ( Majestic ) , ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES INC pays fees to Majestic and Majestic provides to ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES INC the services of all affiliated executive , administrative , legal , accounting , clerical and property management personnel , as well as property acquisition , sale and lease consulting and brokerage services , consulting services with respect to mortgage financings and construction supervisory services .
This Settlement Agreement ( " Agreement " ) is made effective this 20th day of May , 2015 by and between ActiveCare , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( the " Company " ) , and Advance Technology Investors , LLC ( " ATI " ) .
Mr. Zarrilli is a director of Virtus Investment Partners , Inc. and , until June 2015 , was a director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of NutriSystem ,
Selling , general and administrative expense increased by $ 29.5 million , or 42.6 % , to $ 98.8 million , or 29.3 % of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings , Inc. revenue , for the six months ended March 31 , 2017 , compared with $ 69.3 million , or 27.8 % of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings , Inc. revenue , for the six months ended April 1 , 2016 .
The following table sets forth the carrying values of assets and liabilities of Delphax as of December 31 , 2015 : .
Investor Note means a promissory note of a Partner evidencing indebtedness incurred by such Partner to purchase a Capital Commitment Interest , the terms of which were or are approved by the General Partner and which is secured by such Capital Commitment Interest , all other Capital Commitment Interests of such Partner and all other interests of such Partner in Blackstone Collateral Entities ; provided , that such promissory note may also evidence indebtedness relating to other interests of such Partner in Blackstone Collateral Entities , and such indebtedness shall be prepayable with Capital Commitment Net Income ( whether or not such indebtedness relates to Capital Commitment Investments ) as set forth in this Agreement , the Investor Note , the other BCE Agreements and any documentation relating to Other Sources ; provided further , that references to Investor Notes herein refer to multiple loans made pursuant to such note , whether made with respect to Capital Commitment Investments or other BCE .
The discussion and analysis of Taylor Morrison Home Corp financial condition and results of operations are based upon Taylor Morrison Home Corp consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP .
( a ) The reduction in owned capacity is due to Entergy s sale of the 838 MW FitzPatrick plant to Exelon in March 2017 and Entergy s sale of its 50 % membership interest in Top Deer Wind Ventures , LLC in November 2016 .
Management s discussion and analysis of SNYDER 'S - LANCE , INC . financial condition and results of operations are based upon SNYDER 'S - LANCE , INC . unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
Mr. Sullivan has also served as Chief Financial Officer , Chief Accounting Officer and Treasurer of certain funds in the Guggenheim fund complex since 2010 .
Named Executive Officers James E. Ferrell , Interim Chief Executive Officer and President ; Chairman of the Board of Directors Stephen L. Wambold , Former Chief Executive Officer and President ( 1 ) Alan C. Heitmann , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer Thomas M. Van Buren , Executive Vice President , Ferrell North America and Midstream Operations ( 2 ) Daniel E. Giannini , President Bridger Logistics , LLC Randy V. Schott , Senior Vice President of Retail Operations Tod D. Brown , Former Executive Vice President , Ferrellgas , and Chief Executive Officer , Blue Rhino ( 3 ) .
A 10 % change in average foreign currency rates against the U.S. dollar during the year ended December 31 , 2015 would have increased or decreased SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC revenues and net loss from continuing operations by approximately $ 16.7 million and $ 4.2 million , respectively , and approximately $ 20.8 million and $ 8.8 million during the year ended December 31 , 2014 , respectively .
Amendment to Severance Agreement , dated December 8 , 2008 , between PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES CO and Kenneth Sheffield , together with a schedule identifying the other substantially identical agreement between PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES CO and the executive officer identified on the schedule and identifying the material differences between that agreement and the filed Amendment to Severance Agreement ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES CO 's Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended September 30 , 2014 , File No . 1 - 13245 ) .
CYBEROPTICS CORP price CYBEROPTICS CORP products in U.S. dollars , and as a result , CYBEROPTICS CORP products may have difficulty competing in periods of increasing strength of the dollar .
On January 22 , 2014 , Atlantic Aviation entered into an incremental $ 100.0 million term loan facility on the same terms as the AA Credit Agreement .
As of September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , PERNIX THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS , INC . classified $ 0 and $ 12.8 million , respectively , of the Treximet Secured Notes as a current liability and $ 172.1 and $ 176.8 million as a non - current liability , respectively .
Investors may also inspect and copy these reports , proxy statements and other information , as well as Terra Income Fund 6 , Inc. registration statement and related exhibits and schedules , at the Public Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F Street , N.E , Washington , D.C. 20549 .
As a result of additional taxable losses and the foreign taxes for which Delta Tucker Holdings , Inc. can not recognize a current tax benefit , Delta Tucker Holdings , Inc. increased Delta Tucker Holdings , Inc. valuation allowance from $ 88.8 million as of December 31 , 2016 to $ 90.3 million as of September 29 , 2017 .
From June 1999 to April 2001 , Mr. Smit served as Vice President , Finance and Administration of eGain .
FBR & Co. institutional brokerage revenues increased $ 2.5 million to $ 56.2 million in 2014 from $ 53.7 million in 2013 .
Gain on extinguishment of debt On April 21 , 2016 , TSI Holdings settled a transaction to purchase $ 8.7 million principal amount of debt outstanding under the 2013 Senior Credit Facility ( as defined herein ) for $ 3.8 million , or 43.5 % of face value .
At July 31 , 2017 , MVC CAPITAL , INC . s investment in Custom Alloy consisted of an unsecured subordinated loan with a cost basis and outstanding balance of approximately $ 3.0 million and a fair value of approximately $ 2.8 million and a second lien loan with a cost basis and outstanding balance of approximately $ 24.4 million and a fair value of approximately $ 17.7 million .
It includes United States Gypsum Company , or U.S. Gypsum , in the United States , CGC Inc , or CGC , in Canada , USG Mexico , S.A. de C.V , or USG Mexico , and subsidiaries in Latin America and USG CORP mining operation in Nova Scotia , Canada , which USG CORP indefinitely idled in the third quarter of 2016 .
An increased concentration of wafer manufacturing in Japan could result in lower sales of ENTEGRIS INC wafer shipper products .
Certain of ANALOGIC CORP foreign operations enter into transactions in currencies other than their functional currency , primarily the U.S. dollar and the Euro .
In addition , Mr. Schmitt has served as a director of many privately held companies including Voice Objects , Knowledge Adventure , Jungo and Cybergate , among others .
C F Insurance Services , Inc , organized in July 1999 , owns an equity interest in an insurance agency that sells insurance products to customers of C F Bank , C F Mortgage and other financial institutions that have an equity interest in the agency .
Mr. Osterman has served as the President of Osterman Associated Companies , which contributed the assets of its propane operations to us on October 3 , 2011 , since August 1987 .
Prior to joining AmeriPath , Mr. New served as the President , Chief Executive Officer , and a director of RehabClinics , an outpatient rehabilitation company Mr. New had his bachelor s degree in Allegheny College in 1967 and got an MBA from Gannon University in 1971 .
Following the completion of the Merger , LogMeIn s revenue has grown from $ 336.1 million in fiscal 2016 to over $ 1 billion on an annualized basis in fiscal 2017 and LogMeIn , Inc. added over 1,600 employees ( 2,778 as of June 30 , 2017 , compared to 1,124 as of December 31 , 2016 ) .
As a condition to the Lender entering into the Note Purchase Agreement and the PCH - Related Note ( both as noted below ) and providing any additional funding to us in connection with Notis Global , Inc. acquisition of the PCH Purchased Shares , Notis Global , Inc. Board of Directors ratified the forms of employment agreements for Mr. Goh , as Notis Global , Inc. then - Chief Executive Officer , and for Mr. Pyatt , as Notis Global , Inc. then - prospective President .
The impairment expense at Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC Arnold business and non - deductible costs at the corporate level , including the effect of the loss on Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC equity investment of FOX prior to the sale of Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC FOX shares in the first quarter , account for the majority of the remaining difference in Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC effective income tax rates in the first nine months of 2017 , while non - deductible costs at the corporate level , including the gain on Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC equity investment in FOX , account for the majority of the remaining differences in the first nine months of 2016 .
Mr. Ruhlman is Chairman , President and CEO of the Company .
Adam Selipsky Adam Selipsky President and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
A. Roger Guimond Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 1 st Franklin Financial Corporation .
Bill D. Otis Bill D. Otis , President and Chief Executive Officer Dated : August 14 , 2017
Ambient Water Corp may also be required to obtain approval from the U.S. government to export the products .
After an evaluation of the realizability of ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. deferred tax assets , ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. decreased ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. valuation allowance by $ 7.7 million during 2015 .
On December 17 , 2012 , CION Investment Corp , through its wholly - owned consolidated subsidiary , Flatiron Funding , LLC , or Flatiron , entered into a TRS with Citibank , N.A , or Citibank .
Low commodity prices have reduced NORTHERN OIL & GAS , INC . development activities and caused NORTHERN OIL & GAS , INC . capital expenditures to be reduced by 76 % in 2015 and 34 % in 2016 , compared in each case to the prior year .
From time to time , Meng Li , shareholder , chief operating officer and board member of Avalon Globocare Corp , provided advances to Avalon Globocare Corp. to supplement its working capital needs .
Hughes Satellite Systems Corp and/or EchoStar also may enter into additional agreements with DISH Network in the future .
Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement - Notes , LSB INDUSTRIES INC have agreed to use LSB INDUSTRIES INC reasonable best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement on an appropriate form with respect to a registered offer to exchange the 12 % Senior Secured Notes for new notes with terms substantially identical in all material respects to the 12 % Senior Secured Notes , cause the registration statement to be declared effective under the Securities Act , and complete the exchange within 180 days after the effective date of such registration statement .
Mr. Schriesheim serves as : a director of Skyworks Solutions , Inc. ( since May 2006 ) and chairman of its audit committee ; a director of Houlihan Lokey , Inc.
Operating expenses for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 included approximately $ 0.1 million to reimburse the Advisor and its affiliates a portion of the compensation paid by the Advisor and its affiliates for Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT , Inc. 's principal financial officer , Javier F. Bitar , executive vice president , David C. Rupert , and vice president and general counsel , Mary P. Higgins , for services provided to Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT , Inc , for which Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT , Inc. does not pay the Advisor a fee .
Hudson Pacific Properties , L.P. initially owned a 98.25 % interest in the Pinnacle JV .
CSRA entered into a Real Estate Matters Agreement with CSC that governs the respective rights and responsibilities between CSRA and CSC following the Spin - Off with respect to certain real property used by CSRA .
W. Ron Hinson W. Ron Hinson Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer , and Corporate Secretary February 26 , 2016 .
Andrew Weiss is the managing member of WAM GP and BIP GP .
Mr. Hamrick has also served as President of TSIF 2 , TSIF 3 , TSIF 4 , TSIF 5 , Terra International , TIFI , TSIF 7 , TPT and TPT 2 since May 2011 , January 2012 , September 2012 , August 2013 , June 2014 , October 2016 , October 2016 , January 2016 and September 2016 , respectively .
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this _ _ _ _ _ day of _ _ _ _ _ , 1989 , by Robert M. Irvin and Timothy R. Barnes , President and Secretary of the corporation , respectively , on behalf of the corporation .
As a condition to the distribution that effected the Separation , Grace was required to receive an opinion of counsel , in form and substance satisfactory to Grace in its sole discretion , regarding the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the distribution and certain related transactions .
In late 2014 , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into a joint venture with Doosan Infracore Co , Ltd , Doosan PSI , LLC , to design , develop , produce , market and distribute industrial gas power systems to the global power generation market outside of North America and South Korea .
TWIN DISC INC s distribution operation in the Northwest of the United States and Southwest of Canada experienced an increase in sales of 4.8 % on the improved activity in the North American oil and gas market during the second half of the fiscal year .
Except with respect to the target antigen of a product for which Mersana Therapeutics , Inc. exercised its option to co - develop and co - commercialize in the United States , Takeda may terminate the 2016 Restated Agreement in its entirety or with respect to any target for .
In 2012 , the Vogtle Owners and the Contractor commenced litigation ( Vogtle Construction Litigation ) regarding the costs associated with design changes to the DCD and the delays in the timing of approval of the DCD and issuance of the COLs , including the assertion by the Contractor that the Vogtle Owners are responsible for these costs under the terms of the engineering , procurement , and construction contract between the Vogtle Owners and the Contractor ( Vogtle 3 and 4 Agreement ) .
MOMENTOUS HOLDINGS CORP . was incorporated on May 29 , 2015 in Nevada with authorized capital of 75,000,000 shares of $ 0.001 par value common stock and 10,000,000 shares of $ 0.001 par value preferred stock .
Term Loan On August 4 , 2015 , Flexion Therapeutics Inc entered into a credit and security agreement with MidCap Financial Trust , as agent , and MidCap Financial Funding XIII Trust and Silicon Valley Bank , as lenders , ( the Lenders ) , to borrow up to $ 30,000,000 in term loans .
Over the past few years , Ala Carte Charts Corp founder David Meyers has developed a unique collection of daily information sources that provide systematic and commonsense intel for making trades on virtually any market .
REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP is subject to regulation by the FTC and the FDA , in the U.S , as well as various other federal , state , local and foreign regulatory authorities , including those in the EU , Canada and other countries in which REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP operates .
From December 2010 to December 2014 , Cullimore was Regional Managing Director , Europe , Africa and Middle East Region ( EAMER ) and Chairman Eastman Kodak S rl .
For example , TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . business activities in Venezuela operate in a highly inflationary economy .
We have adopted accounting policies that govern the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and with general practices within the banking industry in the preparation of TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC financial statements .
During the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , American Electric Technologies Inc s financing activities provided cash of $ 0.55 million compared to using $ 0.40 million in the comparable period in 2016 .
Related Party Agreements and Transactions Of GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 2018 T s executive officers , Kevin Robinson , Senior Vice President , and Dina DiLorenzo , Senior Vice President , serve as executive officers of Guggenheim .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Duke Energy Carolinas , LLC ( Duke Energy Carolinas ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Steven K. Young , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Duke Energy Carolinas , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 )
Personnel expenses consists primarily of costs related to the Master Services Agreement with Autotelic Inc , a stockholder of IThenaPharma , that became the holder of 525,535 shares of Marina common stock as a result of the Merger , and an entity of which Dr. Trieu serves as Chairman of the Board , pursuant to which Autotelic Inc. agreed to provide certain business functions and services from time to time during regular business hours at Marina s request .
For the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , SWIFT ENERGY CO recorded net gains ( losses ) of $ 0.2 million , $ 1.3 million and ( $ 0.9 ) million , respectively , related to SWIFT ENERGY CO derivative activities .
Inc. ( the " Company " ) , on Form 10 - K for the period ended October 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , I , Michael R. McMullen , Chief Executive Officer of AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Prior to joining Mykrolis , Mr. Marshall served as the Director of US Quality for Kokusai Semiconductor Equipment Corporation .
Due to the size of the Merger , IHS Markit Ltd. have not included Markit 's 2016 reported stub period results versus 2015 stub period results in the acquisitive category , but have broken out their results in the organic , acquisitive ( for acquisitions within the past 12 months completed by legacy Markit ) , and foreign currency growth metrics .
Steve Ells , CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL INC founder , Chairman and CEO , started Chipotle with the idea that food served fast did not have to be a typical fast food experience .
PETER S. GARCIA Peter S. Garcia Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
CECP has registered a branch office in Ireland in connection with Carlyle s investment activities in that country .
D elek Logistics was formed by Delek in 2012 to own , operate , acquire and construct crude oil and refined products logistics and marketing assets .
In addition , Prologis , L.P. also have British pound sterling , Canadian dollar , euro and Japanese yen forward and option contracts , which were not designated as hedges , and have an aggregate notional amount of $ 518 million to mitigate risk associated with the translation of the projected financial results of Prologis , L.P. subsidiaries in Canada , Europe and Japan . A. weakening of the U.S. dollar against these currencies by 10 % would result in a $ 52 million negative change in Prologis , L.P. net income and cash flows on settlement .
As a result of the passing of VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY INC founder and former Executive Chairman , Dr. Felix Zandman , Mrs. Ruta Zandman ( a member of VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY INC Board of Directors ) controls the voting of , solely or on a shared basis with Marc Zandman ( our Executive Chairman ) and Ziv Shoshani ( a member of VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY INC Board of Directors ) , approximately 89.5 % of VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY INC Class B common stock and 42.6 % of the total voting power of VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY INC capital stock as of December 31 , 2016 .
Ms. Duncan Williams and Mr. Bachmann also currently serve as managers of Dan Duncan LLC along with W. Randall Fowler , who is also a director and President of Enterprise GP .
Table 20 : Directors and officers Name Age Position Caitlin Jeffs 41 Director , Chief Executive Officer , President and Secretary Michael Thompson 47 Director and Vice President of Exploration Joao ( John ) da Costa 52 Director , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Caitlin Jeffs , P. Geo .
While 1 800 FLOWERS COM INC implemented contingency plans to increase production for Fannie May Fine Chocolates and Harry London Chocolates products at its production facility in Canton , Ohio and to shift warehousing and distribution operations to alternate Company facilities , product availability was severely limited , impacting revenue and earnings during fiscal 2015 , and lingering into fiscal 2016 .
Services , Inc , a Delaware corporation , is the managing general partner of Dolphin Offshore Partners , L.P. Peter E. Salas is the President , sole shareholder and controlling person of Dolphin Mgmt .
This increase primarily reflects the impact the larger Ting subscriber base is having on Ting mobile service revenue which grew by $ 6.9 million to $ 53.4 million as compared to the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 .
In particular , because Pacific Ventures Group , Inc. President , Chief Executive Officer , Interim Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer , Secretary and a director , Mrs. Masjedi , who owns 15,864,639 shares of Pacific Ventures Group ,
For purposes of the 2%/25 % Guidelines , total operating expenses means all costs and expenses paid or incurred by us , as determined under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles , that are in any way related to Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. operation or to corporate business , including Advisory fees , but excluding ( 1 ) the expenses of raising capital such as legal , audit , accounting , underwriting , brokerage , listing , registration , and other fees , printing and other such expenses and taxes incurred in connection with the issuance , distribution , transfer , registration and listing of the shares , ( 2 ) interest payments , ( 3 ) taxes , ( 4 ) non - cash expenditures such as depreciation , amortization and bad debt reserves , ( 5 ) incentive fees , ( 6 ) acquisition fees , origination fees and acquisition expenses , ( 7 ) real estate commissions on the sale of property , and ( 8) other fees and expenses connected with the acquisition , disposition , management and ownership of real estate interests , mortgage loans or other property ( including the costs of foreclosure , insurance premiums , legal services , maintenance , repair , and improvement of property ) .
BMB MUNAI INC operates its banking business in Russia through FFIN Bank .
The actual amount of shares of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . common stock that was payable to the former owners of 3PI was based upon financial performance measures set forth in the stock purchase agreement related to the 3PI acquisition .
Mr. Hunter has served as CENTENE CORP Executive Vice President , Products since January 2016 .
Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc are headquartered in Dublin , Ireland and have multiple offices in the U.S , the UK , Italy and other countries in Europe .
TRXADE GROUP , INC . discussion and analysis of TRXADE GROUP , INC . financial condition and results of operations are based upon TRXADE GROUP , INC . consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
The British pound ( GBP ) is the functional currency for Hines Global REIT , Inc. s subsidiaries operating in the United Kingdom , the Russian rouble ( RUB ) is the functional currency for Hines Global REIT , Inc. s subsidiaries operating in Russia , the Polish zloty ( PLN ) is the functional currency for Hines Global REIT , Inc. s subsidiaries operating in Poland , the Australian dollar ( AUD ) is the functional currency for Hines Global REIT , Inc. s subsidiaries operating in Australia and the Euro ( EUR ) is the functional currency for Hines Global REIT , Inc. s subsidiaries operating in Germany and France .
On January 6 , 2017 , BioTime formed AgeX Therapeutics , Inc.
This revolving credit facility replaced Invuity , Inc. s $ 7.5 million accounts receivable credit facility that existed with Silicon Valley Bank ( SVB ) , which Invuity , Inc. terminated in March 2017 and paid a termination fee of $ 150,000 .
These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of MedoveX Corp. and its wholly - owned subsidiary , Streamline .
The amount of income subject to these lower foreign rates relative to the amount of U.S. income will impact XEROX CORP effective tax rate .
Seasonal Nature of Business Seasonal weather conditions and lease stipulations can limit the drilling and producing activities and other operations in regions of the U.S. in which LinnCo , LLC operates .
On September 13 , 2013 , Authentic Teas , Inc , a Nevada corporation , merged with and into Mojo Data Solutions , Inc , a Puerto Rico corporation and a wholly - owned subsidiary of Authentic formed on August 21 , 2013 solely for the purpose of reincorporating Authentic in Puerto Rico under the name Mojo Data Solutions , Inc ( the Reincorporation ) .
Inc. Executive Chairman , Michael T. Cullen , M.D , M.B.A , Sun BioPharma , Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer , David B. Kaysen , Sun BioPharma , Inc.
Under the terms of the ExpressJet United ERJ Agreement , ExpressJet operates 16 6 ERJ145s and five ERJ135s in the United flight system .
The net assets of Admiral s principal operating subsidiary , Haven Federal Savings and Loan Association ( ' Haven ' ) , and net liabilities are presented in the balance sheets in the aggregate ; and its loss is shown in the aggregate in the Statements of Operations for the three and nine month periods ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 .
Magyar Bank , as a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York , is required to purchase and hold shares of capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York in specified amounts .
NF Energy Saving Corp 's subsidiaries in the PRC , Nengfa Energy and Nengfa Smart Valve maintain their books and records in the local currency of the PRC , the Renminbi ( RMB ) , which is the primary currency of the economic environment in which these entities operate .
DMS Health constituted $ 41.8 million , or 39 % of DIGIRAD CORP total assets , $ 32.6 million , or 49 % of DIGIRAD CORP total net assets , $ 63.3 million , or 50 % of DIGIRAD CORP total revenues , and $ 2.2 million , or 71 % of DIGIRAD CORP total income from operations in DIGIRAD CORP consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
The purchase price for the contracts of $ 250,000 was paid by Orbital Tracking Corp. under an asset purchase agreement by and among Orbital Tracking Corp , its wholly - owned subsidiary Orbital Satcom Corp. ( Orbital Satcom ) , GTC and World Surveillance Group , Inc , which owns 100 % of GTC .
Deterioration of political , economic and security conditions in Israel may adversely affect ZION OIL & GAS INC operations .
Ms. O Brien served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Obopay , Inc , a provider of mobile payment services , from November 2006 through December 2010 .
In November 2016 , Xcede entered into another Services Agreement , a Secured Promissory Note , a Loan Agreement , a Security Agreement and an Intellectual Property Security Agreement ( collectively the Note Agreement ) with Cook , in which Cook committed to fund the pre - clinical testing of , and subject to the receipt of applicable regulatory approvals to initiate first in human clinical trials for , the Xcede Patch .
Edward L. Bradley , age 57 , joined NEOGEN CORP in February 1995 as part of its acquisition of AMPCOR Diagnostics , Inc , where he served as Vice President of Sales and Marketing .
remove from rate base , as of February 1 , 2012 , its investment in the SGRP and refund to its customers the amount collected for its investment in and any return on its investment in the SGRP since such date .
On February 14 , 2015 , eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp entered into a one - year agreement with BMT , Inc. as a consultant and advisor in connection with certain business development advisory .
SEI INVESTMENTS CO includes its direct and indirect subsidiaries in its U.S. consolidated federal income tax return .
The reconciliation between KINGSWAY FINANCIAL SERVICES INC 's reported $ 10.7 million net loss and the $ 13.5 million of net cash used in operating activities can be explained primarily by the $ 7.7 million decrease in the provision for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses , net realized gains of $ 3.1 million and the $ 2.7 million increase in other receivables , offset by the $ 5.8 million loss on change in fair value of debt , $ 4.2 million of depreciation and amortization expense and the $ 1.4 million increase in deferred service fees .
Beginning on December 23 , 2014 , Cytosorbents Corp common stock began trading on NASDAQ under the symbol CTSO .
Exhibit 32.2 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ascent Solar Technologies , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date therein specified ( the Report ) , I , Victor Lee , President , Chief Executive Officer and acting Principal Financial Officer of Ascent Solar Technologies , Inc , certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and .
Mr. Wong is CFO of Beijing Radio Cultural Transmission Company Limited ( Beijing Radio ) .
Impairment Loss ABM INDUSTRIES INC /DE/ recognized a $ 22.5 million impairment loss during 2016 associated with the Government Services business .
As the 90 % owner of Aqua Mining [ PNG ] Limited , a Papua , New Guinea company , Kibush Capital Corp are required to obtain approval from the Investment Promotion Authority of Papua New Guinea to be recognized as a foreign investor for Kibush Capital Corp mineral exploration joint venture with the Leaseholders of approximately 26 hectares located at Koranga in Wau , Morobe Province , Papua , New Guinea .
Certification of John P. Zimmer , Chief Financial Officer of Core Molding Technologies , Inc , dated November 7 , 2017 , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 .
Mr. Roth became CENTRAL GARDEN & PET CO President and Chief Executive Officer in June 2016 .
Similarly , in the fourth quarter of 2015 , WASTE MANAGEMENT INC settled and paid all amounts due for outstanding issues regarding plan contributions and withdrawal liability with the Teamsters Employers Local 945 Pension Fund .
EFT Source business , $ 45.6 million was attributed to a full year of sales being reflected in CPI Card Group Inc. 2015 results , while in 2014 , sales were included from the September 2 , 2014 acquisition date through December 31 , 2014 .
Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets .
By : /s/ Shari Verschell Name : Shari Verschell Title : Vice President .
WHEREAS , BMA VII L.L.C. was formed as a Delaware limited liability company pursuant to a certificate of formation filed in the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on September 23 , 2014 ; WHEREAS , the Managing Member entered into a Limited Liability Company Agreement dated as of September 23 , 2014 ( the Original Agreement WHEREAS , the parties hereto now wish to amend and restate the Original Agreement in its entirety as hereinafter set forth ; NOW , THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein made and intending to be legally bound , the parties hereto hereby agree that the Original Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows :
The cash provided by operating activities in 2014 , compared to 2013 , was favorably impacted by cash provided by the operations of the Professional segment , as a result of the Colomer Acquisition , partially offset by higher interest payments and unfavorable changes in working capital , including higher tax payments and higher payments for restructuring actions primarily related to both the Integration Program and the restructuring actions that included exiting REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's direct manufacturing , warehousing and sales business operations in mainland China , as well as implementing other immaterial restructuring actions outside the U.S. that are expected to generate other operating efficiencies ( the " December 2013 Program " ) .
Equity in net loss of investee of $ 0.1 million and equity in net income of investee of $ 2.2 million for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 , respectively , relates to KINGSWAY FINANCIAL SERVICES INC 's investment in ICL .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of ATEL Capital Equipment Fund X , LLC ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Paritosh K. Choksi , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of ATEL Financial Services , LLC , Managing Member of ATEL
With the addition of Jonathan Adler as the Creative Director of Fisher - Price brands , existing and new product lines to be launched in 2017 will have a contemporary design catering to millennial parents .
Yes No The aggregate market value of FBR Co. s outstanding common stock held by non - affiliates as of June 30 , 2015 was approximately $ 161.0 million based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock on such date as reported on The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC .
Stock - based Awards Classified as Liabilities Kodak will settle a portion of its 2015 incentive compensation plans with a variable amount of common stock based on the stock price at the time of settlement .
Berry Acquisition On December 16 , 2013 , LinnCo , LLC completed the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement between LinnCo , LLC , LINN Energy and Berry under which LinnCo acquired all of the outstanding common shares of Berry and the contribution agreement between LinnCo , LLC and LINN Energy under which LinnCo , LLC transferred Berry to LINN Energy in exchange for LINN Energy units .
Michael A. Reisner , Co - Chairman , Co - CEO , Co - President and Director , joined ICON Capital in 2001 .
The impact of foreign currency rate changes has historically been insignificant with MOBILE MINI INC Canadian operations , but MOBILE MINI INC have more exposure to volatility with MOBILE MINI INC U.K. operations .
In connection with the reverse merger transaction , KAI transferred 100 % of the capital stock of each of American Service and American Country to American Acquisition ( another wholly owned subsidiary of KAI ) in exchange for C$ 35.1 million of common shares and $ 18.0 million of preferred shares of American Acquisition and promissory notes worth C$ 7.7 million , aggregating C$ 60.8 million .
Mr. Dalton also served as the president of Club Rio Mar in Puerto Rico , a 680 - acre beach front property that includes 500 condominiums , beach club , numerous restaurants , pools and a Fazio - designed golf course .
Based on the information available to BALL Corp at this time , BALL Corp do not believe that this matter will have a material adverse effect upon the liquidity , results of operations or financial condition of BALL Corp. BALL Corp s operations in Brazil are involved in various governmental assessments , principally related to claims for taxes on the internal transfer of inventory , gross revenue taxes and indirect tax incentives .
For information regarding loans from or to Warren Kruger , see Transactions with Warren Kruger and Related Entities under the heading Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7 of this Form10 - K. For information regarding an advance from Robert Rosene , see Advances and Loans from Robert Rosene under the heading Liquidity and Capital Resources in Item 7 of this Form10 - K. For information regarding the loan from IBC and Messrs. Kruger s and Rosene s relationship thereto , see Loan from International Bank of Commerce ( IBC ) in Item 7 of this Form 10 - K. Transactions with TriEnda Holdings , L.L.C. TriEnda Holdings , L.L.C. ( TriEnda ) is a manufacturer of plastic pallets , protective packaging and dunnage utilizing thermoform processing of which Warren F. Kruger , Greystone s President and CEO , is the non - executive chairman of the board of directors of Kruger Brown Holdings , LLC ( KBH ) , which owns a majority interest in TriEnda .
Corporate Information Clearside Biomedical , Inc. were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in May 2011 .
The majority of Series D preferred shares are held by John Lawrence , president of UNITED STATES ANTIMONY CORP . United States Antimony Corporation and Subsidiaries .
On October 21 , 2016 , Julio E. Rios II , an Executive Vice President of the general partner and the President and Chief Executive Officer of Bridger Logistics , LLC , and Jeremy H. Gamboa , also an Executive Vice President of the general partner and the Chief Operating Officer of Bridger Logistics , LLC , both delivered notice of " good reason " for resignation to the general partner pursuant to their employment agreements alleging that the general partner had materially diminished their responsibilities and stating their intention to resign as a result if such purported material diminution was not cured within 30 days .
La Quinta Holdings Inc. believe the IRS transfer pricing methodologies applied in the audits contain flaws and that the IRS proposed tax and adjustments are inconsistent with the U.S. federal tax laws related to REITs .
Ryan C. Farris President , Ally Auto Assets LLC , as Depositor ( Senior Officer in charge of securitization of the depositor ) .
Medicaid revenue , including Medicaid skilled revenue , increased by $ 3.4 million , or 3.1 % , which was driven by an increase in Medicaid days , partially offset by a decrease in Medicaid revenue per patient day .
El Pollo Loco Holdings , Inc. can remain an emerging growth company for up to five years from El Pollo Loco Holdings , Inc. IPO , or until the earliest of ( a ) the last day of the first fiscal year in which El Pollo Loco Holdings , Inc. annual gross revenues exceed $ 1 billion , ( b ) the date that El Pollo Loco Holdings , Inc. become a large accelerated filer as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act , which would occur if the market value of El Pollo Loco Holdings , Inc. common stock that is held by non - affiliates exceeds $ 700 million as of the last business day of El Pollo Loco Holdings , Inc. most recently completed second fiscal quarter , or ( c ) the date on which El Pollo Loco Holdings , Inc. have issued more than $ 1 billion in non - convertible debt securities in the preceding three - year period .
Mr. Rivkin has served as a manager and Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer of Altegris Clearing Solutions ( January 2014 to present ) .
WHEREAS , Gans is the President , Chief Executive Officer , member of the Board of Directors and majority shareholder of Scores ; .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Jackson E. Reasor , President and Chief Executive Officer of OLD DOMINION ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 )
Provision for Income Taxes CarGurus , Inc. are subject to federal and state income taxes in the United States and taxes in foreign jurisdictions in which CarGurus , Inc. operate .
Jerry P. Wright Director Future shareholder meeting .
As a result of the stockholder approval of the 2013 Plan , SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP terminated the 2003 Plan .
Zhenyong Liu , Orient Paper Inc. Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer , Jing Hao , Orient Paper Inc.
Net interest income on customer balances , for the current quarter , increased $ 41 million , compared to the prior year quarter , driven by a $ 5.5 billion increase in average customer credit balances , a portion of which were invested in interest - bearing U.S. government securities , a $ 7.7 billion increase in average customer margin loans , and a 76 basis point increase in the average Federal Funds effective rate to 1.15 % , compared to the prior year quarter .
On June 13 , 2016 ( the Second Closing Date ) , TROPIC INTERNATIONAL INC , Notox and the shareholders of Notox ( the Notox Shareholders ) entered into a share exchange agreement ( the Share Exchange Agreement ) pursuant to which TROPIC INTERNATIONAL INC . acquired 100 % of the issued and outstanding common stock of Notox from the Notox Shareholders in exchange for the issuance of 50,000,000 shares of TROPIC INTERNATIONAL INC . s common stock .
Robert T. Sharp was appointed Executive President - Commercial Residential Solutions in October 2016 .
Amphastar Pharmaceuticals , Inc. depend to a significant degree on Amphastar Pharmaceuticals , Inc. key management employees , including Amphastar Pharmaceuticals , Inc. Chief Executive Officer and Chief Science Officer , Jack Y. Zhang ; Chief Operating Officer and Chief Scientist , Mary Z. Luo ; President , Jason B. Shandell ; Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President , William J. Peters ; Executive Vice President of Quality and Regulatory Affairs , Diane G. Gerst ; and Executive Vice President of Production , Rong Zhou .
Carrols Restaurant Group is a holding company and conducts all of its operations through its wholly - owned subsidiary , Carrols Corporation ( Carrols ) and Carrols ' wholly - owned subsidiary , Carrols LLC , a Delaware limited liability company .
Our subsidiaries include ( a ) Superior Drilling Solutions , LLC ( previously known as Superior Drilling Products , LLC ) , a Utah limited liability company ( SDS ) , together with its wholly owned subsidiary Superior Design and Fabrication , LLC , a Utah limited liability company ( SDF ) , ( b ) Extreme Technologies , LLC , a Utah limited liability company ( ET ) , ( c )
The 2016 Van Voorhis Employment Agreement has a term of two years and entitles Mr. Van Voorhis to participate in any deferred compensation plan PARKS AMERICA , INC may adopt during the term of his employment with PARKS AMERICA , INC . On April 1 , 2008 , PARKS AMERICA , INC entered into an employment agreement with James Meikle ( the 2008 Meikle Employment Agreement ) pursuant to which Mr. Meikle was hired to serve as the President and Chief Executive Officer of each of PARKS AMERICA , INC s wholly owned subsidiaries .
HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA also operate a shore - base support facility located in Port Fourchon , Louisiana .
Mr. Brody joined Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. in 1987 and has served as Chief Financial Officer of IBG LLC since December 2003 .
" Presentacion A. Coranes " PRESENTACION A. CORANES Chief Financial Officer and Secretary .
Should China YCT International Group , Inc. 's PRC subsidiaries distribute all their profits generated after December 31 , 2007 , the aggregate withholding tax amount will be $ 8,687,140 and $ 8,306,160 as of June 30 , 2017 and March 31 , 2017 , respectively .
Mr. Linzner has served as Executive Vice President , Worldwide Business Affairs since April 2016 .
Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer and Keith Merrell , Nu - Med Plus , Inc.
IMMUNOMEDICS INC common stock may be delisted from the NASDAQ Global Market , or NASDAQ .
BIG LOTS INC executive officers at March 28 , 2017 were as follows : Name Age Offices Held Officer Since David J. Campisi Chief Executive Officer and President Lisa M. Bachmann Executive Vice President , Chief Merchandising and Operating Officer Timothy A. Johnson Executive Vice President , Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Financial Officer Michael A. Schlonsky Executive Vice President , Human Resources and Store Operations Ronald A. Robins , Jr. Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary .
As of December 31 , 2015 , Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. executive officers and directors collectively owned approximately 21 % of Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. company on a fully diluted basis , which Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. believe aligns their interests with those of Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. stockholders .
Thomas H. Lyles , 66 , has served as chief executive officer and as a director of TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC company and TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC bank since April 2011 , and , additionally , as president of TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC company and TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC bank since June 2011 .
In December 2015 , Immune Design Corp. entered into a Second Amended and Restated License Agreement with IDRI , in which Immune Design Corp. obtained additional rights under the licensed technology , which rights vary by disease indication , and Immune Design Corp. returned to IDRI certain previously licensed GLA rights in select , primarily developing - world infectious disease indications .
Mr. Harkins resigned from Eastside Distilling , Inc. effective November 8 , 2016 , and the 27,778 unvested shares subject to the RSU were automatically forfeited subject to the terms of the agreement governing the RSU .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT inability to comply with debt covenants under CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT credit facilities could result in prepayment obligations .
John S. Levy Director of SL Green , the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership August 8 , 2017 John S. Levy .
Moreover , if INSTRUCTURE INC are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 applicable to us in a timely manner , or if INSTRUCTURE INC or INSTRUCTURE INC independent registered public accounting firm identifies deficiencies in INSTRUCTURE INC internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses , the market price of INSTRUCTURE INC stock could decline and INSTRUCTURE INC could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities , which would require additional financial and management resources .
Management Services Agreement ( Tuana Gulch ) means ( a ) that certain Amended and Restated Management Services Agreement dated as of September 22 , 2010 between Manager and Tuana Gulch , as amended , amended and restated , modified or supplemented from time to time and ( b ) that certain Amended and Restated Master Agreement of Common Terms for Management Services Agreements dated as of September 22 , 2010 between Borrower , each Borrower Subsidiary and Manager .
NIKE INC routinely repatriate a portion of NIKE INC foreign earnings for which U.S. taxes have previously been provided .
These financial statements include the accounts of CHEETAH ENTERPRISES , INC . and the wholly - owned subsidiary , Cheetah Autos S.A.
The Code of Ethics is also available free of charge in print to any shareholder by requesting a copy from Melissa K. Caen , Corporate Secretary , Southern Company , 30 Ivan Allen Jr. Boulevard NW , Atlanta , Georgia 30308 .
U.S. income taxes have not been provided on the undistributed earnings of AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS INC s foreign subsidiaries , as AMERICAN EAGLE OUTFITTERS INC intends to indefinitely reinvest the undistributed foreign earnings outside of the United States .
Wilshire Energy Partners , LLC , is controlled by Kevin J. Sylla , FOOTHILLS EXPLORATION , INC . Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FPI , and has been determined to be a Related Party .
In 2004 , Mr. Lodzinski formed Southern Bay Energy , LLC , the general partner of Southern Bay Oil Gas , L.P , which acquired the residual assets of AROC , Inc , and he served as President of Southern Bay Energy , LLC upon its formation .
Effective March 1 , 2014 , the Partnership entered into a new futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. ( the Customer Agreement ) and ceased paying brokerage commissions to MS Co. Under the Customer Agreement , the Partnership pays MS Co. trading fees for the clearing and , where applicable , the execution of transactions , as well as exchange , clearing , user , give - up and National Futures Association ( NFA ) fees ( the clearing fees ) directly and through its investment in the Funds .
Business Activity : Kelvin Medical , Inc. ( the Company ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 5 , 2016 .
Archrock Partners , L.P. partnership agreement requires us to distribute all of Archrock Partners , L.P. available cash quarterly .
In addition , WL Ross Holding Corp. intend to utilize the networks and industry experience of Mr. Wilbur L. Ross , Jr , the Founder , Chairman and Chief Strategy Officer of WL Ross , and other members of the WL Ross management team in seeking an initial Business Combination .
As at December 31 , 2016 , Loral Space and Communications Inc. ( Loral ) and Canada s Public Sector Pension Investment Board ( PSP Investments ) indirectly held economic interests in Telesat of approximately 63 % and 36 % , respectively , with the remaining economic interest held by various individuals .
Highlights of FIRST COMMUNITY BANCSHARES INC /NV/ results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , and financial condition as of September 30 , 2017 , include the following : .
In addition , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . franchise agreements with BKC do not give us exclusive rights to operate Burger King restaurants in any defined territory .
The following table displays information with respect to AMERICAN AIRLINES INC purchases of shares of AAG common stock during the three months ended June 30 , 2017 .
Diane was recused from all Board of Directors and Committee discussions relating to the bebop acquisition and the terms of Diane and Mendel s employment .
Most recently , pursuant to the Dodd - Frank Regulatory Reform Act of 2010 , the Federal Insurance Office was formed for the purpose of , among other things , examining and evaluating the effectiveness of the current insurance and reinsurance regulatory framework .
Aircraft and Other Services In the normal course of business , Blackstone personnel make use of aircraft owned as personal assets by Stephen A. Schwarzman ; an aircraft owned jointly as a personal asset by Hamilton E. James , Blackstone s President and , Chief Operating Officer , and a Director of Blackstone , and Jonathan D. Gray , Blackstone s Global Head of Real Estate and a Director of Blackstone ; and an aircraft owned jointly as a personal asset by Bennett J. Goodman , Co - Founder of GSO Capital and a Director of Blackstone , and another senior managing director ( each such aircraft , Personal Aircraft ) .
As a result , it was determined in 2015 that the depreciable and amortizable long - lived assets of Capella were not recoverable , and VISHAY INTERTECHNOLOGY INC recorded impairment charges of $ 57.6 million in 2015 to write - down the related assets to their fair value .
Elizabeth Eby Senior Vice President , Finance and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
Mark D. Johnsrud Name : Mark D. Johnsrud Title : President and Chief Executive Officer .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Highwoods Realty Limited Partnership ( the Operating Partnership ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Edward J. Fritsch , President and Chief Executive Officer of Highwoods Properties , Inc , general partner of the Operating Partnership , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
During 2015 , the proportion of Essent Group Ltd. consolidated earnings generated in Bermuda increased as a result of insurance and reinsurance contracts executed with Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae and the quota share reinsurance agreement entered in to by Essent Guaranty , Inc. and Essent Re effective July 1 , 2014 .
These hardships include the loss of $ 3,643,000 in cash that was the property of E - WORLD USA HOLDING , INC that is now held in bank accounts in the People s Republic of China and , to a material extent , a decrease in E - World s annual revenue from $ 6,833,768 for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2014 to $ 379,493 for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2015 and to $ 890,403 for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2016 .
Essent Group Ltd. reinsurance subsidiary , Essent Reinsurance Ltd , is a registered Bermuda Class 3A insurer pursuant to Section 4 of the Insurance Act 1978 .
In November 2015 , EDC and Koch Fertilizer entered into an ammonia purchase and sale agreement under which Koch Fertilizer agreed to purchase , with minimum purchase requirements , the ammonia that is in excess of El Dorado s internal needs as discussed in Note 11 to Consolidated Financial Statements .
IPL currently expects to reduce the amount of billing credits on its Iowa retail electric customers bills in 2016 compared to 2015 related to the approved settlement agreement for IPL s Iowa retail electric rates .
License and Collaboration Agreements Licenses Granted In August 2014 , Immune Design Corp. entered into an agreement with Sanofi under which Immune Design Corp. granted Sanofi an exclusive license for use of Immune Design Corp. GLAAS platform to discover , develop and commercialize products to treat peanut allergy .
The most significant of Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. international subsidiaries are : IBC and THC , registered to do business in Canada as an investment dealer and securities dealer , respectively ; IBUK , registered to do business in the U.K. as a broker ; THE , registered to do business in Switzerland as a securities dealer ; IBI , registered to do business in India as a stock broker ; IBHK , registered to do business in Hong Kong as a securities dealer ; THA , registered to do business in Australia as a securities dealer and futures broker ; and IBSJ , registered in Japan as a financial instruments firm with the Kanto Regional Finance Bureau and the Financial Supervisory Agency .
SUCCESS ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INTERNATIONAL INC . management consists of Mr. Steve Chen , SUCCESS ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INTERNATIONAL INC . Chairman of the Board of Directors , Mr. Chris ( Chi Jui ) Hung , SUCCESS ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INTERNATIONAL INC . Chief Executive Officer , and Mr. Brian Kistler , SUCCESS ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INTERNATIONAL INC . President .
With CITIZENS FIRST CORP available collateral and CITIZENS FIRST CORP current holding of FHLB stock , CITIZENS FIRST CORP are eligible to borrow an additional $ 35.3 million as of June 30 , 2017 , compared to $ 40.3 million at December 31 , 2016 .
A decrease in the value of any of these foreign currencies relative to the U.S. Dollar could adversely affect VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC revenue and profitability in U.S. Dollars of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC products sold in these markets .
In July 2015 , IEnova entered into an agreement to purchase PEMEX s 50 - percent interest in GdC , which upon closing would increase its interest from 50 percent to 100 percent .
YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol YOD .
Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31 , 2016 , TRAVELZOO INC had $ 26.8 million in cash and cash equivalents , of which $ 15.9 million was held outside the U.S. in certain of TRAVELZOO INC foreign operations .
Also on that date , as referenced in MARCUS CORP press release , MARCUS CORP provided on MARCUS CORP website , www.marcuscorp.com , an updated investor presentation containing certain unaudited historical financial information to assist investors in evaluating the impact the change in fiscal year may have on MARCUS CORP future reported operating results .
Ms. Zaderej has served as AxoGen s President , Chief Executive Officer and a member of AxoGen , Inc. board of directors ( the Board of Directors ) since September , 2011 .
The class action arises from DS HEALTHCARE GROUP , INC . s March 23 , 2016 and March 28 , 2016 8 - K filings , which stated , in pertinent part , that the audit committee had concluded that the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of DS HEALTHCARE GROUP , INC . for the two fiscal quarters ended June 30 , 2015 and September 30 , 2015 ( the June and September 2015 Quarters ) , should no longer be relied upon because of certain errors in such financial statements , and that Daniel Khesin had been terminated for cause and removed as Chairman and a member of the Board of Directors .
Jaguar Animal Health , Inc. were incorporated in June 2013 in Delaware .
On October 1 , 2015 , Neff Corp acquired the assets of Lewis Rents , Inc. which resulted in $ 1.8 million of additional goodwill .
Warner Music Group Corp. continue to diversify Warner Music Group Corp. presence through acquisitions and joint ventures with various labels , such as Warner Music Group Corp. acquisition of Ryko in 2006 , Warner Music Group Corp. acquisition of a majority interest in Roadrunner Music Group B.V. ( Roadrunner ) in 2007 ( we also acquired the remaining interest in Roadrunner in 2010 ) , international expansion , such as Warner Music Group Corp. acquisitions of Gala in Russia in 2013 and Gold Typhoon in China in 2014 , selective investments in complimentary businesses , such as Warner Music Group Corp. acquisitions of X5 in 2016 and selected assets of concert discovery platform SongKick in 2017 and the acquisition of music publishing catalogs and businesses , such as the Non - Stop Music production music catalog in 2007 and Southside Independent Music Publishing in 2011 .
SEARS HOLDINGS CORP results for 2014 and 2013 were affected by a number of significant items .
STK Orlando will operate a restaurant known as STK in Orlando , Florida .
Mr. Starling received his BSBA degree from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and his MBA degree from the University of Southern California .
David H. Morton , Jr. Executive Vice President , Finance and Chief Financial Officer .
In connection with the entry into the Revolving Credit Facility in August 2017 , the Successor Credit Facility was terminated and repaid in full .
Granite Falls Energy , LLC pay RPMG a commission based on each pound of corn oil sold by RPMG under the agreement .
James R. Hubbard Age : 58 Mr. Hubbard has served as Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary of EverBank Financial Corp since August 2015 .
The $ 535,100 increase in natural gas revenues for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 as compared to the prior year similar period was attributable to a $ 682,200 increase in Atlas Resources
Gim Hooi Ooi Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of SAVMOBI TECHNOLOGY INC , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : 1 .
No . 2014 - 09 beginning January 1 , 2018 and is in the process of assessing the impact that the new guidance will have on REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's results of operations , financial condition and financial statement disclosures .
HAEMONETICS CORP reported tax rate is generally lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate as the income tax rates in the foreign jurisdictions in which HAEMONETICS CORP operate are generally lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate .
Wheelabrator business , for $ 155 million and ( iii ) WASTE MANAGEMENT INC Puerto Rico operations for proceeds of $ 80 million , including $ 65 million in cash .
AETNA INC /PA/ results for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 reflect strong performance across all of AETNA INC /PA/ Health Care businesses , with the exception of AETNA INC /PA/ individual Commercial products .
( 15 ) Previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 16 , 2010 as an exhibit to Cinedigm Corp. 's Form 8 - K ( File No . 001 - 31810 ) .
In July 2015 , the investment general partner transferred its interest in TS Housing Limited Partnership to an entity affiliated with the operating general partner for its assumption of the outstanding mortgage balance of approximately $ 1,875,600 and cash proceeds to the investment partnership of $ 698,864 .
Mr. Khian Kiee Leong , a member of Rebel Group , Inc. s board of directors , agreed to personally guarantee the Loan .
CANADIAN PACIFIC RAILWAY LTD / CN settled a notional U.S. $ 200 million of forward starting swaps for a cash payment of U.S. $ 16 million ( $ 22 million ) .
Mortgage Servicing Rights Hatteras Financial Corp purchases MSR with the intention of holding them as investments .
SELECT MEDICAL CORP s results of operations for the three months ended June 30 , 2016 and for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 include Physiotherapy for the entire period .
In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2015 of YuMe , Inc. ( the Company ) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Jayant Kadambi , Chief Executive Officer of YuMe Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
For example , in March 2011 , Medidata Solutions , Inc. were named in a complaint for patent infringement filed by DataTrak , and in January 2016 Medidata Solutions , Inc. settled the lawsuit after DataTrak 's patent was held invalid in November 2015 .
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Robert H. George .
On November 4 , 2016 , and amended March 8 , 2017 , Biotech Products Services & Research , Inc. entered into an executive employment agreement , ( Werber Agreement ) effective November 4 , 2016 ( Effective Date ) , with Dr. Bruce Werber ( Werber ) , pursuant to which Biotech Products Services & Research , Inc. appointed Werber as the Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) of Biotech Products Services & Research , Inc. and the Chief Executive Officer of ANU and General Surgical .
RITCHIE BROS AUCTIONEERS INC are a public company and RITCHIE BROS AUCTIONEERS INC common shares are listed under the ticker symbol RBA on the NYSE and TSX .
Executive Officers and Directors Age Position with Crestwood Midstream Partners LP General Partner Robert G. Phillips President , Chief Executive Officer and Director J. Heath Deneke President and Chief Operating Officer , Pipeline Services Group William C. Gautreaux President and Chief Marketing Officer , Supply and Logistics Group Robert T. Halpin Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer Steven M. Dougherty Senior Vice President , Chief Accounting Officer Joel C. Lambert Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary William H. Moore Senior Vice President , Strategy and Corporate Development Alvin Bledsoe Director Michael G. France Director Warren H. Gfeller Director David Lumpkins Director John J. Sherman Director John W. Somerhalder II Director .
Vivek Jain joined Maxim Integrated in April 2007 as Vice President responsible for MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS INC wafer fabrication operations .
In connection with Damon Cuzick s appointment as chief operating officer , MINN SHARES INC and Damon Cuzick entered into the Damon Cuzick Employment Agreement .
In light of Blackstone Group L.P. investment activities , Blackstone Group L.P. will be treated as engaged in a U.S. trade or business for U.S. federal income tax purposes , which may cause some portion of Blackstone Group L.P. income to be treated as effectively connected income with respect to non - U.S. holders , or ECI .
INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN believe factors such as the fluctuations in INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN quarterly and annual operating results described above , the market s acceptance of INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN services and products , the performance of INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN business relative to market expectations , as well as limited daily trading volume of INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN stock , and general volatility in the securities markets , could cause the market price of INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN common stock to fluctuate substantially .
interests in IBG LLC , as a result of the 2013 and 2014 membership interest redemptions from Holdings .
VIEs , in which DTE Energy holds a majority voting interest and is the primary beneficiary , that meet the definition of a business and whose assets can be used for purposes other than the settlement of the VIE 's obligations have been excluded from the table below .
On March 10 , 2014 , Enertopia Corp. Company s Board appointed Mathew Chadwick as Senior Vice President of Marijuana Operations and entered into a Management Agreement with Mr. Chadwick for his services .
In addition , Mr. Mayer serves as a Director of the Laniado Hospital , International Medical Search Co. of New York , Blastgard International , Inc. and Ironwood Gold Corp.
Thomas F. Peterson , PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO s founder , developed and patented a unique method to manufacture and apply these armor rods to protect electrical conductors on overhead power lines .
The costs associated with performing or outsourcing these functions may exceed the amounts reflected in GCP Applied Technologies Inc. historical combined financial statements or that GCP Applied Technologies Inc. have agreed to pay Grace during the transition period .
Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. net loss decreased $ 14,502 , or 70.77 % to to $ 5,990 for the year ended December 31 , 2015 from $ 20,492 for the comparable period in 2014 .
On July 22 , 2013 , the Board of Directors authorized the issuance of 750,000 common stock options to Keith White , Ambient Water Corp s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer , Jeff Stockdale , Ambient Water Corp 's President and Chief Operating Officer , and Jeff Mitchell , Ambient Water Corp 's then Chief Financial Officer and Secretary , collectively 2,250,000 common stock options .
Energy efficiency and technology advances , as well as conservation efforts and changes in the sources and types of energy produced in the U.S. may result in reduced demand for Macquarie Infrastructure Corp products and services .
In Fiscal 2016 , Jefferies acted as one of the initial purchasers of Spectrum Brands offering of 425.0 of its 4.00 % Notes due 2026 , for which Jefferies received $ 0.3 in discounts , commissions and reimbursements of expenses .
Thomas W. Schneider Thomas W. Schneider President and Chief Executive Officer .
The board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner has determined that Mr. Parrett is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 407(d)(5 ) of Regulation S - K. Mr. Parrett serves on the audit committees of four public companies , including Blackstone .
Since his retirement from his former position as MOHEGAN TRIBAL GAMING AUTHORITY Chief Executive Officer , effective September 30 , 2015 , Mr. Etess had served as a senior advisor to the Tribe on an at will basis at a weekly compensation rate of $ 4,807.69 , with benefits under the Tribe s employee benefits program .
In addition , on October 17 , 2017 , each of Mr. Berman , Oaktree Strategic Income Corp former Chief Executive Officer , Mr. Steven Noreika , Oaktree Strategic Income Corp former Chief Financial Officer , and Ms. Kerry Acocella , Oaktree Strategic Income Corp former Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer , resigned from his or her role as an officer of Oaktree Strategic Income Corp. Oaktree Strategic Income Corp Former Adviser and Administrator Prior to October 17 , 2017 , Oaktree Strategic Income Corp were externally managed and advised by Oaktree Strategic Income Corp Former Adviser , which was a registered investment adviser under the Advisers Act .
SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO retrospectively adopted ASU 2015 - 03 during SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO annual reporting period ended December 31 , 2015 , and the adoption did not affect SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO results of operations or cash flows .
Dr. Pomerantz served as a director and executive officer of Seres Therapeutics , Inc. company during 2016 .
VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC main competitors are Gemalto and RSA Security , a subsidiary of EMC Corporation .
Vice President of Development - James D. Bales has been Vice President of Operations / Development since March 2008 .
Mr. Ford is also currently a management consultant to Centene Corp. Until 2012 , Mr. Ford served as a director of Stifel Financial Corp.
( 2 ) Mr. Cuneo served as ICONIX BRAND GROUP , INC . Chairman of the Board and Interim Chief Executive Officer from August 2015 until April 2016 .
Hal B. Heyer , M.D. Hal B. Heyer , M.D. Director and CEO ( principal executive , financial and accounting officer ) .
Employment Agreement with Steven P. Nickolas On March 30 , 2016 , ALKALINE WATER Co INC entered into an employment agreement dated effective March 1 , 2016 with Steven P. Nickolas , ALKALINE WATER Co INC president , chief executive officer and director , pursuant to which Mr. Nickolas agreed to perform such duties as are regularly and customarily performed by the president and chief executive officer of a corporation , and any other duties consistent with Mr. Nickolas s position in ALKALINE WATER Co INC company .
Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon VERITEQ consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) .
Launched joint venture to focus on Gulf Cooperation Council states and India .
CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . entered into various agreements with Rio Tinto and its affiliates in connection with the IPO and separation from Rio Tinto .
Furthermore , changes in the relative value of the U.S. dollar may change the price of Bravo Multinational Inc. products relative to the prices of Bravo Multinational Inc. foreign competitors .
Blackstone Group L.P. general partner s board of directors is elected in accordance with its limited liability company agreement , where Blackstone Group L.P. senior managing directors have agreed that Blackstone Group L.P. founder , Stephen A. Schwarzman , will have the power to appoint and remove the directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner .
On January 23 , 2017 , Semler Scientific , Inc. issued and sold 40,000 shares of Semler Scientific , Inc. common stock to Glenhill Concentrated Long Master Fund , LLC , one of Semler Scientific , Inc. significant stockholders , pursuant to a stock purchase agreement for $ 100,000 , which was paid in cash .
Lynn B. Fuller By : Lynn B. Fuller Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer and Duly Authorized Officer ) .
In addition , for a variety of reasons , including changes in circumstances at Lumentum Holdings Inc. contract manufacturers or Lumentum Holdings Inc. own business strategies , Lumentum Holdings Inc. may be required to , or voluntarily may , transfer the manufacturing of certain products to other manufacturing sites , including Lumentum Holdings Inc. new Thailand manufacturing facility .
The properties subject to the Master Lease are leased on a triple net basis to HCRMC s indirect wholly owned subsidiary , HCR III Healthcare , LLC ( HCR III or the Lessee ) .
Non - interest Income IBERIABANK CORP s operating results for the year ended December 31 , 2015 included non - interest income of $ 220.4 million compared to $ 173.6 million and $ 169.0 million for the years ended December 31 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively .
In 2015 , Lumos Networks Corp. added 785 route miles of new fiber to Lumos Networks Corp. network , which includes Lumos Networks Corp. partially completed fiber network expansion of approximately 822 route miles in the Richmond and Norfolk area .
Recent Developments On January 26 , 2017 , ExOne Co committed to a plan to consolidate certain of ExOne Co 3D printing operations from ExOne Co North Las Vegas , Nevada facility into ExOne Co Troy , Michigan and Houston , Texas facilities and exit ExOne Co non - core specialty machining operations in ExOne Co Chesterfield , Michigan facility .
On February 19 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into a share exchange agreement with Global Telesat Communications Limited , a Private Limited Company formed under the laws of England and Wales ( GTCL ) and all of the holders of the outstanding equity of GTCL ( the GTCL Shareholders ) .
International Foodservice Operations - primarily includes broadline operations in Canada , Europe , Bahamas , Mexico , Costa Rica and Panama , as well as a company that distributes to international customers ; .
Recognition of impairments of a significant portion of goodwill would negatively impact CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT reported results of operation and total capitalization , the effects of which could be material and could make it more difficult to maintain CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT credit ratings , secure financing on favorable terms , maintain compliance with debt covenants and meet expectations of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT regulators .
Except as otherwise noted in this MD A , the impact of the additional week on SunOpta Inc. results of operations for fiscal year 2014 was insignificant relative to the fiscal years 2015 or 2013 .
Critical Accounting Policies First Foods Group , Inc. discussion and analysis of First Foods Group , Inc. financial condition and results of operations are based upon First Foods Group , Inc. unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
INC s operations were disrupted when AURA SYSTEMS INC was forced to move from its facilities in Redondo Beach , California to a smaller facility in Stanton , California .
OEM customers to reduce their commitments to purchase POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . power systems in favor of competing products , could have a material adverse effect on POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . business and financial results .
VALHI INC /DE/ along with VALHI INC /DE/ subsidiaries : Kronos , CompX , WCS and NL lease office space through Contran for VALHI INC /DE/ principal executive offices in Dallas , Texas .
Mr. McGuire also serves as Chief Operating Officer of Altegris Holdings .
Other Developments Succession of Chief Executive Officer On July 7 , 2015 , SunOpta Inc. announced the appointment of Hendrik Jacobs , SunOpta Inc. former President and Chief Operating Officer , to President and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) , effective October 1 , 2015 .
Mr. Duen as served in several progressive positions with Kellogg Company from September 1995 to May 2012 , the most recent of which was Vice President and General Manager of the toaster pastries business .
In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 - K of ENB Financial Corp ( the Corporation ) for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Aaron L. Groff , Jr , Chairman of the Board , Chief Executive Officer and Presid
The SIMADI exchange rate as of December 31 , 2015 was 198.7 BsF to the U.S. dollar .
From 1998 to 2000 , Mr. Johnson served as Senior Vice President of Real Estate of Bank of Utah .
From 1994 to 1999 , Mr. Rowley served in several finance - related positions at Synopsys .
Mr. Ladd has earned his designation as a Chartered Financial Analyst ( 1986 ) .
On February 25 , 2013 , the merger between Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd , CDGC and Merchant Supreme became effective and was accounted for as a reverse merger and recapitalization since the common shareholders of CDGC and Merchant Supreme ( i ) owned a majority of the outstanding ordinary shares of Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. immediately following the completion of the transaction , and ( ii ) have significant influence and the ability to elect or appoint or to remove a majority of the members of the governing body of the combined entity .
In addition , in connection with the closing under the Amended SAPA , on the Effective Date , EASTMAN KODAK CO entered into certain supply and transition services agreements with the KPP Purchasing Parties under which the KPP Purchasing Parties are purchasing supplies and services from Kodak .
From 1999 to 2010 , Mr. Kumar served as the CEO for Global Telesolutions where , among other things , he developed presence and business in the Middle East and Indian , built global network partnerships for telecommunications and traffic , and oversaw international staff for operations .
Accordingly , InspireMD , Inc. and InspireMD , Inc. subsidiaries functional currency is the U.S. dollar .
In March 2015 , Zhong Hai Video entered into an agreement with C Media Limited ( C Media ) to provide video content services via C Media s
Revenue Dimension Therapeutics , Inc. generate revenue from Dimension Therapeutics , Inc. collaboration agreement with Bayer and recognized $ 3.6 million of revenue for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and $ 2.2 million for three months ended March 31 , 2016 .
At December 31 , 2015 ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. took an impairment charge on the assets of ONE Group Hospitality , Inc.
In September 2011 , CNX Gas Company , a wholly owned subsidiary of CONSOL Energy , and Noble Energy , Inc. ( Noble Energy ) , an unrelated third party , formed CONE Gathering LLC ( CONE ) to develop and operate each company 's gas gathering system needs in the Marcellus Shale play .
The increase in revenue was primarily due to a $ 4.8 million increase in MMG revenues , an increase of $ 4.3 million in revenue from consolidating BAHA as a variable interest entity , an increase of $ 4.1 million in incremental revenue from the acquisitions of BCHC and HCHHA , and an increase of $ 1.7 million in incremental revenue from the acquisitions of AKM and SCHC , partially offset by the $ 5.4 million ACO shared savings revenue recorded in the nine months ended December 31 , 2014 , which did not recur in the current period , and a $ 0.7 million decrease in hospitalist revenue .
If VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INC / MA experiences a change of control prior to the initiation of the first Phase 3 clinical trial for a licensed product , Parion may terminate the Parion Agreement upon 30 days notice , subject to VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INC / MA s right to receive specified royalties on any subsequent commercialization of licensed products .
Kevin A. Shields , a director and president of Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp , controls the sole stockholder of Griffin Capital .
On June 28 , 2013 , Connecticut Water entered into a settlement agreement with the OCC of the State of Connecticut and the Office of the Attorney General for the State of Connecticut ( the Settlement Agreement ) , whereby Connecticut Water would adjust the water rates charged to its customers effective April 1 , 2014 in accordance with the elements of the Settlement Agreement ( the Connecticut Water Rate Reduction Plan ) .
Taylor Morrison Home Corp effective tax rate for the year ended December 31 , 2014 and 2013 was composed of the federal statutory tax rate in the U.S. and was affected primarily by state income taxes , the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits , the establishment of uncertain tax positions , and interest relating to uncertain tax positions .
On August 11 , 2016 , Seven Stars Cloud Group , Inc. entered into Common Stock Purchase Agreement ( the Harvest SPA ) with Harvest Alternative Investment Opportunities SPC ( Harvest ) , a Cayman Islands company .
Daniel K. McMahon , CFA , 44 , has been with the Predecessor since 2000 in a variety of roles , most recently as a senior vice president since 2007 and has served us as an executive vice president since 2015 .
Depending on the final language of any new order , as well as Genie Energy Ltd. ability to modify Genie Energy Ltd. relationships with Genie Energy Ltd. New York customers , an order could have a substantial impact upon the operations of GRE - owned REPs in New York .
P. Skurtys Jacek ( Jack ) P. Skurtys , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , ( Principal Accounting Officer ) and President .
David M. Chojnowski Senior Vice President and Controller ( Principal Accounting Officer ) .
As of December 31 , 2015 , WASTE MANAGEMENT INC .
Each Berry restricted stock unit ( RSU ) that was vested as of the effective date of the acquisition and held by a former nonemployee director or by an employee of Berry whose employment was terminated in connection with the acquisition as agreed upon by the parties or that was subject to performance - based vesting criteria was converted into LinnCo common shares .
Mark E. Ellis is the Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer and has served in such capacity since December 2011 .
Prior to May 2010 , Cytosorbents Corp Common Stock traded on the OTCBB under the symbol MSBT , but was changed to CTSO as part of Cytosorbents Corp name change to CytoSorbents Corporation .
Silanis revenue and net income ( loss ) included in the results of operations for the year ended December 31 , 2015 were $ 541 and $ ( 2,168 ) , respectively .
In the event funds from foreign operations are needed to fund operations in the U.S. and if U.S. tax has not already been provided , VERISIGN INC / CA would be required to accrue and pay additional U.S. taxes in order to repatriate these funds .
These adjustments are intangible assets and liabilities classified as unamortized energy contracts on Exelon s and PHI s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31 , 2016 .
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk A substantial portion of FLOWSERVE CORP operations are conducted by FLOWSERVE CORP subsidiaries outside of the U.S. in currencies other than the U.S. dollar .
PBF Finance Corp have an agreement with Sunoco whereby Sunoco purchases gasoline and distillate products representing approximately one - third of the Toledo refinery s gasoline and distillates production .
On July 29 , 2013 , in anticipation of the completion of a formal agreement with Alta Disposal Morinville embodying the terms of the letter of intent , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a convertible debenture agreement with Alta Disposal Morinville pursuant to which Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. agreed to deliver to Alta Disposal Morinville up to CAD$300,000 ( approximately USD$291,000 ) payable in two installments of CAD$150,000 deliverable respectively upon execution of the convertible debenture , and within 5 business days following receipt of regulatory approval for the re - activation of Alta Disposal Morinville s waste water disposal facility .
SDG E s operation and maintenance expenses decreased by $ 59 million ( 5 % ) to $ 1.0 billion in 2015 primarily due to : .
To the Board of Directors and Shareholder of Allstate Life Insurance Company Northbrook , Illinois 60062 ALLSTATE LIFE INSURANCE CO have audited the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Position of Allstate Life Insurance Company and subsidiaries ( the Company ) , an affiliate of The Allstate Corporation , as of December 31 , 2016 and 2015 , and the related Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income , Shareholder s Equity , and Cash Flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31 , 2016 .
The increase was primarily due to increases of $ 420 million and $ 32 million in operations and maintenance expenses as a result of the inclusion of Southern Company Gas and PowerSecure results for the nine - month period in 2017 , respectively , a $ 48 million increase associated with new solar , wind , and gas facilities at Southern Power , and $ 32.5 million resulting from the write - down of Gulf Power 's ownership of Plant Scherer Unit 3 in accordance with a settlement agreement approved by the Florida PSC on April 4 , 2017 ( 2017 Rate Case Settlement Agreement ) .
EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC manufacturing agreement with GLOBALFOUNDRIES includes a customary forecast and ordering mechanism for the supply of certain of EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC wafers , and EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC are obligated to order and pay for , and GLOBALFOUNDRIES is obligated to supply , wafers consistent with the binding portion of EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC forecast .
On April 2 , 2015 , the SBA issued a green light letter inviting us to continue the application process to obtain a license to form and operate its second SBIC subsidiary .
As a result , MacAndrews Forbes is able to control the election of the entire Board of Directors of Revlon , Inc. and of Products Corporation 's Board of Directors ( as it is a wholly owned subsidiary of Revlon , Inc. ) and controls the vote on all matters submitted to a vote of Revlon , Inc. s and Products Corporation 's stockholders , including the approval of mergers , consolidations , sales of some , substantially all or all of REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's assets , issuances of capital stock and similar transactions .
Thereafter , Mr. Gebbia owned various brokerage firms including Kennedy Cabot Co. which was sold in 1997 to Toronto Dominion Bank for $ 160,000,000 .
In October 2014 , Immune Design Corp. entered into a collaboration with Sanofi Pasteur for the development of a Herpes Simplex Virus , or HSV , immune therapy .
Edward T. Gallivan , Jr. Edward T. Gallivan , Jr. Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Accounting and Financial Officer ) .
The Incremental Term Loan Facility increased DT s incremental term loan commitment provided to T - Mobile USA under that certain First Incremental Facility Amendment dated as of December 29 , 2016 , from $ 660 million to $ 2.0 billion and provided T - Mobile USA with an additional $ 2.0 billion incremental term loan commitment .
Seagate Technology plc are subject to taxation in many jurisdictions globally and Seagate Technology plc are required to file U.S. federal , U.S. state and non - U.S. income tax returns .
YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . business operations are conducted in China .
Also , as a result of Carlyle Group L.P. acquisitions of Metropolitan on November 1 , 2013 and DGAM on February 3 , 2014 , Carlyle Group L.P. segment results include the results of operations of Metropolitan and DGAM since that date .
John C. Miller President and Chief Executive Officer of Denny s Corporation .
In October 2010 , Immune Design Corp. entered into three separate license agreements with MedImmune LLC , or MedImmune , pursuant to which Immune Design Corp. granted MedImmune a worldwide , sub - licensable , exclusive license use GLA to develop and sell vaccines in three different infectious disease indications .
For example , Dr. Goldenberg is the President and a Trustee of CMMI , a not - for - profit cancer research center that IMMUNOMEDICS INC used to conduct certain research activities .
In addition , Mr. Hall is a sponsor of KBS Real Estate Investment Trust , Inc. company and is a sponsor of KBS REIT II , KBS REIT III , KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT , KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT , KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT II and KBS Growth Income REIT , which were formed in 2005 , 2007 , 2009 , 2008 , 2009 , 2013 and 2015 , respectively .
Exhibit 32.2 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Old Dominion Electric Cooperative ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Robert L. Kees , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of OLD DOMINION ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 )
Mr. McNeilly served in a number of different domestic and international positions with Amoco from 1979 to 1996 .
Mr. Tanner served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operations Officer of International Rectifier Corporation from January 2013 to July 2015 .
Mr. Frias joined the board of directors of Carlisle Companies Incorporated in February 2015 .
INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN discussion of INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN financial condition and results of operations is based upon INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
ROSS STORES INC s operations include only activities related to off - price retailing in stores throughout the United States .
On the same day , MOTIVATING THE MASSES INC and Ms. Carder entered into an independent contractor agreement regarding Ms. Carder s role as a consultant to MOTIVATING THE MASSES INC to focus primarily on developing MOTIVATING THE MASSES INC s coaching services .
On December 3 , 2015 , the Compensation Committee awarded to Steven Wolberg , the Chief Legal Officer of Net Element , Inc , 800,000 restricted shares of Net Element , Inc. common stock as performance bonus .
On April 28 , 2017 , GSHL sold two ( 2 ) ordinary shares of Gushen Credit Limited ( GCL ) to GRNQ , representing 100 % of ownership , for a total consideration of $ 0.26 in cash .
At July 19 , 2016 , prior to the acquisition , OrangeHook MN owned a total of 1,750,000 shares of LifeMed Series B Convertible Preferred Stock at a price of $ 2.00 per share .
the possibility that compliance with foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to PRA GROUP INC international operations could increase PRA GROUP INC cost of doing business in international jurisdictions ; .
Legislative or regulatory changes in the United States or other federal or state government initiatives that decrease the coverage or reimbursement available for AMGEN INC products , require that AMGEN INC pay increased rebates , limit AMGEN INC ability to offer co - pay payment assistance to commercial patients , limit the pricing of pharmaceutical products or reduce the use of AMGEN INC U.S. products could have a material adverse effect on AMGEN INC business and results of operations .
Mr. Hickey previously held the CEO and President position for Global Center Inc , where he grew revenue from zero to more than $ 50 M of recurring revenue and achieved profitability .
Two members of the Audit Committee , Mr. Dennis J. Letham and Mr. Thomas C. Freyman , have been designated by the Board as audit committee financial experts , as defined in the SEC rules , and all members of the Audit Committee satisfy the NYSE s financial literacy requirements .
( 11 ) Messrs. Gray , Reich , Hitchcock and de C rdenas employment agreements provide that the executives unvested stock options , restricted stock and RSUs will become immediately vested upon a change in control , provided that the executive is employed by us on the date of the change in control .
China United Insurance Service , Inc. also provides reinsurance brokerage services and insurance consulting services in Hong Kong and Taiwan .
On April 30 , 2013 , Lumos Networks Operating Company , a wholly - owned subsidiary of Lumos Networks Corp , entered into a $ 425 million credit facility ( the Credit Facility ) .
( e ) ( Loss ) income from discontinued operations includes the results of REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's former China operations ( See Note 4 , " Discontinued Operations " ) .
Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the Renova Settlement Agreement ( including the purchase of Renova s shares of TerraForm Global , Inc.
During the first quarter of 2017 , SBFC merged with and into SSB , and SBFC s bank subsidiary GB T was merged and converted with and into the Bank resulting in $ 21.0 million in merger and conversion related charges .
STANDEX INTERNATIONAL CORP / DE/ operate in 58 locations outside of the United States in Europe , Canada , China , Japan , India , Singapore , Korea , Australia , Mexico , Brazil , Turkey , Malaysia , and South Africa .
Atlas Tech Trading Limited ( Atlas Trading ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary of Atlas Technology International , Inc , was incorporated on August 18 , 2016 under the laws of Hong Kong for the purpose of facilitating Atlas Technology International , Inc. s business growth strategy across Eastern Asia .
Accordingly , because the Pamplona Entities have influence over Lumos Networks Corp. business , they could seek to influence us to enter into transactions or agreements adverse to the interests of Lumos Networks Corp. stockholders or to forego entering into transactions or agreements that may be beneficial to Lumos Networks Corp. stockholders .
During 2016 , the following directors served on Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago HR C Committee : John K. Reinke ( Chairman ) , James T. Ashworth ( Vice Chairman ) , Owen E. Beacom , Thomas L. Herlache , William W. Sennholz ( ex - officio ) , and Gregory A. White .
Other income , for the current year , decreased $ 11 million , or 10 % , to a loss of $ 122 million , compared to the prior year , mainly driven by $ 21 million higher losses on Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. currency diversification strategy and $ 36 million higher mark - to - market losses on U.S. government securities , partially offset by $ 15 million higher risk exposure fee income and an $ 18 million gain from Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. hedging activities to offset Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. losses related to the Swiss franc event .
ADOBE SYSTEMS INC total deferred revenue of $ 1.49 billion as of November 27 , 2015 increased by $ 330.0 million , or 29 % , from $ 1.16 billion as of November 28 , 2014 , primarily due to increases in Creative Cloud individual and team subscriptions , ETLAs and new contracts and existing renewals for ADOBE SYSTEMS INC
nuary 31 , 2016 , as well as a $ 125.0 million loan ( the Westmoreland Loan ) from NM Capital , a subsidiary of PNMR , to WSJ , which loan provided substantially all of the funds required for the SJCC purchase , and the issuance of $ 30.3 million in letters of credit to facilitate the issuance of reclamation bonds required in order for SJCC to mine coal to be supplied to SJGS .
CMF Winton Master L.P. ( Winton Master ) , Morgan Stanley Smith Barney TT II , LLC ( Transtrend Master ) , CMF Willowbridge Master Fund L.P. ( Willowbridge Master ) , and the Partnership have entered into futures brokerage account agreements and foreign exchange brokerage account agreements with MS Co. Prior to its liquidation , AAA Master LLC ( AAA Master ) entered into a futures brokerage agreement with MS Co. Winton Master , Transtrend Master , Willowbridge Master and AAA Master are collectively referred to as the Funds .
Per the approved Agreement and Plan of Merger with Streamline , Medovex Corp. is to issue an aggregate of 1,875,000 shares of MedoveX common stock upon receipt of a transmittal letter from each Streamline shareholder .
From 1998 to 2007 , Mr. Beebe was Group President of Operations at Alltel Corporation , a telecommunications services company .
In the second quarter of fiscal 2016 , TETRA TECH INC acquired control of Coffey International Limited ( Coffey ) , headquartered in Sydney , Australia .
Caitlin Jeffs Caitlin Jeffs , Chief Executive Officer and President By : /s/ Joao ( John ) da Costa Joao ( John ) da Costa , Chief Financial Officer 15 .
Essent Group Ltd. have obtained consent under the Bermuda Exchange Control Act 1972 ( and its related regulations ) from the BMA for the issue and transfer of Essent Group Ltd. common shares to and between residents and non - residents of Bermuda for exchange control purposes provided Essent Group Ltd. common shares remain listed on an appointed stock exchange , which includes the NYSE .
Given the geographic concentration of TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC operations , TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC could be significantly affected by any hurricane that affects coastal South Carolina .
Immune Design Corp. license agreement with Caltech will remain in effect until the later of the expiration of the last - to - expire licensed patent rights or the end of Immune Design Corp. payment obligations under the license agreement .
JPM Financing On July 21 , 2011 , through its two wholly - owned , special - purpose financing subsidiaries , Locust Street Funding LLC , or Locust Street , and Race Street Funding LLC , or Race Street , FS Investment CORP entered into a debt financing arrangement with JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A , London Branch , or JPM , which was subsequently amended several times , or the JPM Facility .
Based on currently available information with respect to the total anticipated level of investigatory , remedial and monitoring costs to be incurred by the OPOG and MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings , Inc. allocable share of those costs , MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings , Inc. have a loss accrual for the Omega Site that is not .
In 2013 , Wowio , Inc. entered into an agreement with TCP in which TCP is to provide to Wowio , Inc. certain assets , including ownership of two separate 4 book comic book series and screenplay .
As a result of Granite Falls Energy , LLC majority ownership , Granite Falls Energy , LLC have the right to appoint five ( 5 ) of the nine ( 9 ) governors to HLBE 's board of governors under its member control agreement .
Signature : /s/ James A. Ratner Printed Name : James A. Ratner Title : Director and Chairman of the Board and Director .
Robert Soper /s/ Robert C. Rubenstein Robert Soper Robert C. Rubenstein President / CEO . ) ss .
CPI Card Group Inc. were initially formed as CPI Holdings I , Inc. in June 2007 and changed CPI Card Group Inc. name to CPI Card Group Inc. in August 2015 .
Andrew Whittaker , age 55 , has served as a director of HRG since July 2014 .
AMERICAN REALTY INVESTORS INC is headquartered in Dallas , Texas and its common stock is listed and trades on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the symbol ( ARL ) .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Weingarten Realty Investors ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Andrew M. Alexander , President and Chief Executive Officer of WEINGARTEN REALTY INVESTORS /TX/ , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of my knowledge : 1 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of YBCC , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Xiuhua Song , Chief Executive Officer of YBCC , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
On July 30 , 2010 , AMERICAN PARAMOUNT GOLD CORP . directors approved the adoption of the 2010 Stock Option Plan which permits AMERICAN PARAMOUNT GOLD CORP . company to issue up to 6,500,000 shares of AMERICAN PARAMOUNT GOLD CORP . common stock to directors , officers , employees and consultants of AMERICAN PARAMOUNT GOLD CORP . company upon the exercise of stock options granted under the 2010 Plan .
YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . operate in China and derive all of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
W. Kip Speyer W. Kip Speyer , Chief Executive Officer , principal executive officer .
At DURECT CORP s annual stockholders meeting in June 2015 , the stockholders approved the amendments of the 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan to : ( i ) increase the number of shares of DURECT CORP common stock authorized for issuance under the ESPP by 350,000 shares ; and ( ii ) extend the term of the ESPP to the date that is ten ( 10 ) years following the stockholders meeting .
As a REIT , under U.S. federal income tax law Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp. are required to distribute annually at least 90 % of
None of CSP INC /MA/ senior management personnel or other key employees are subject to any employment contracts except Victor Dellovo , CSP INC /MA/ Chief Executive Officer and President .
The following tables set forth Ciner Resources LP results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 .
Puneet Sanan , a representative of MVC CAPITAL , INC , serves as a director of Security Holdings .
During the three month period ended August 2 , 2015 , FINISAR CORP paid $ 29,293 in cash compensation to a company owned by Guy Gertel , the brother of the Chief Executive Officer of FINISAR CORP during the first quarter of fiscal 2016 , for sales and marketing services .
Demand for GCP Applied Technologies Inc. products is primarily driven by global non - residential construction activity and U.S. residential construction activity .
When assessing SunOpta Inc. financial performance , SunOpta Inc. use an internal measure that excludes the following items from earnings attributable to SunOpta Inc. determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP : ( i ) results of discontinued operations ; ( ii ) specific items recognized in other income / expense , including severance and other rationalization costs , business development costs , changes in the fair value of contingent consideration , and gains / losses on the disposal of assets ; ( iii ) impairment losses on long - lived assets , investments , and goodwill ; and ( iv ) other unusual items that are identified and evaluated on an individual basis , which due to their nature or size , SunOpta Inc. would not expect to occur as part of SunOpta Inc. normal business on a regular basis .
Mr. Pinkston joined UNIT CORP in December 1981 .
Private equity investments The Bancorp , through Fifth Third Capital Holdings , a wholly - owned indirect subsidiary of the Bancorp , invests as a limited partner in private equity investments which provide the Bancorp an opportunity to obtain higher rates of return on invested capital , while also creating cross - selling opportunities for the Bancorp s commercial products .
Voting Agreements On November 16 , 2016 , concurrently with the execution of the Tesoro Merger Agreement , Northern Tier Energy LP , Merger Sub 1 , Merger Sub 2 and Tesoro entered into three separate voting agreements ( each , a Voting Agreement ) with ( i ) Paul L. Foster and Franklin Mountain Investments , LP , ( ii ) Jeff A. Stevens , and ( iii ) Scott D. Weaver ( each , a Stockholder and collectively , the Stockholders ) pursuant to each of which , among other things and subject to the terms and conditions therein , the Stockholder(s ) party thereto have agreed to vote all Western common stock beneficially owned by them ( the Covered Shares ) in favor of the adoption of the Tesoro Merger Agreement and the approval of the transactions contemplated by the Tesoro Merger Agreement , including the Tesoro Merger , and to not vote in favor of any alternative acquisition proposal or other action or agreement that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the Tesoro Merger .
Subsidiaries State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation / Organization Netherlands Agricultural Investment Partners LLC Delaware Netherlands Agricultural Technologies CV Netherlands Niche Offshore Solutions Ltd United Kingdom Niche Products Limited United Kingdom Nippon MacDermid Co. Ltd Japan Oak Barrel Investments Ltd United Kingdom Omega Agroindustrial SA de CV Mexico OMI International Corporation Delaware Percival SPRL Belgium Pinetree Investments Ltd United Kingdom Plates Blankets S de RL de CV Mexico Platform Corporate Services LLC Delaware Platform Delaware Holdings , Inc Delaware Platform Sales Suisse GmbH Switzerland PPWJ Sci France PTI Produtos Tecnicos Para Impessao Ltd Brazil Revestsul Productos Quimicos Ltd Brazil Rockville Venture LLC Delaware Santamix Iberica SL Spain Semitronic SA Spain Servicios Agricolas Mundiales SA de CV Mexico Shenzhen Hua - Mei Electroplating Technology Company Ltd China Sidewalk Trading ( Pty ) Ltd South Africa SPC Divestiture Inc. Delaware Specialty Polymers Inc. Massachusetts Speedline Technologies Ltd United Kingdom Surface Treatments Ltd United Kingdom Tabitha Holdings BV Netherlands Tecno Extractos Vegetales SA de CV Mexico Tesaurus Mexico SA de CV Mexico Vernon - Rockville Venture LLC Delaware Veto - Pharma SA France Volcano Agrociencia Industria e Comercio de Defensivos Agricolas Ltda Brazil Volcano Agroscience ( Pty ) Ltd South Africa Volcano Chemicals ( Pty ) Ltd South Africa W Canning Australia Pty Ltd Australia W Canning USA LLC Delaware W. Canning Inc. Delaware W. Canning International B.V. Netherlands W. Canning Ltd Texas Wyjolab SA France .
PNM and TEP also entered into the Transportation Agreement with San Juan Transportation Company ( SJTC ) dated April 30 , 1984 , under which coal was transported from the La Plata Mine .
Mr. Winfield is also the Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer of SANTA FE FINANCIAL CORP 's subsidiary , Portsmouth , having held those positions since May of 1996 .
Mr. Lampert has served as Chairman of SEARS HOLDINGS CORP 's Board of Directors since 2004 and as SEARS HOLDINGS CORP Chief Executive Officer since February 2013 .
Mr. Sintros served as a Finance Manager in 2004 and Corporate Controller from 2005 until January 2009 .
On May 6 , 2016 , American BriVision ( Holding ) Corp and Biolite entered into Milestone Payment Agreement in order to amend the Collaborative Agreement , whereby BriVision has agreed to pay the Milestone Payment to BioLite $ 2,600,000 in cash and $ 900,000 in newly issued shares of American BriVision ( Holding ) Corp common stock , at the price of $ 1.60 per share , for an aggregate number of 562,500 shares .
At January 30 , 2016 , SEARS HOLDINGS CORP operated a total of 941 Kmart stores across 49 states , Guam , Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands .
GAIT will terminate on December 31 , 2050 or at an earlier date if certain conditions occur as outlined in the Limited Liability Company Agreement ( LLC Agreement ) .
On December 5 , 2016 , the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Park National Corporation ( Park ) approved the base salaries for the fiscal year ending December 31 , 2017 , for each of the executive officers of Park : ( a ) David L. Trautman , Chief Executive Officer and President of each of Park and The Park National Bank ; ( b ) C. Daniel DeLawder , Chairman of the Board of Park and Chairman of the Board and full - time executive employee of The Park National Bank , a subsidiary of Park ; and ( c ) Brady T. Burt , Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and Treasurer of Park and Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Park National Bank .
These favorable adjustments were partially offset by ; ( i ) a $ 6,169,000 decrease in the fair value of the private placement warrants liability arising from a decrease in the market value of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . common stock , and ( ii ) a $ 3,840,000 decrease in the valuation of contingent consideration liability since April 1 , 2014 , and recorded in connection with POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . acquisition of 3PI , which decrease was primarily driven by 3PI not achieving the financial performance measures set forth in the stock purchase agreement .
Secured Promissory Note due 2016 - On February 1 , 2013 , Zena Energy L.L.C. ( Zena ) , a subsidiary within LSB INDUSTRIES INC Chemical Business , entered into a loan ( the Secured Promissory Note ) with a lender in the original principal amount of $ 35 million .
On June 15 , 2016 , Hedetang Holdings Co , Ltd. ( the Hedetang ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of SkyPeople Fruit Juice , Inc , entered into a Share Transfer Agreement ( the Agreement ) with Shaanxi New Silk Road Kiwifruit Group Inc. ( the NSR ) , a limited liability corporation registered in China .
warrants to purchase Lumos Networks Corp. common stock , the Pamplona Entities ) .
Hatteras Financial Corp president Benjamin M. Hough , chief financial officer Kenneth A. Steele and chief investment officer Frederick J. Boos , II are all also executives of Hatteras Financial Corp manager and of ACM .
Gas Natural Inc. subsidiary , EWR , continues to conduct some business with both EWW and Black Hills relating to the Pipeline Assets .
Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issued Adar a convertible promissory note of $ 50,000 with 10 % interest due March 4 , 2015 and convertible into common shares on a cashless basis at a price per share of 50 % of the lowest closing bid price of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. common shares during the prior 20 trading days including the delivery of any related conversion notice .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Donnelley Financial Solutions , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Daniel N. Lieb , President and Chief Executive Officer of Donnelley Financial Solutions , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of my knowledge : .
CAM 's aircraft leasing and related revenues , which excludes customer lease incentive costs , increased $ 14.6 million and $ 17.9 million during the three and nine month periods ended September 30 , 2017 , respectively , compared to the corresponding periods of 2016 , primarily as a result of new aircraft leases since October 1 , 2016 , additional engine maintenance agreements and the timing of maintenance related revenues .
Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issued Union a convertible promissory note of $ 50,000 with 10 % interest due March 5 , 2015 and convertible into common shares on a cashless basis at a price per share of 50 % of the lowest closing bid price of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. common shares during the prior 20 trading days including the delivery of any related conversion notice .
In June 2015 , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC invested in ExtendTV ( rebranded as Zypmedia ) , the leading programmatic media - buying platform for local digital advertising .
IEG Holdings Corp expect to change IEG Holdings Corp dividend policy in 2017 , however , and intend to pay a small dividend to stockholders in May 2017 after IEG Holdings Corp first quarter 2017 results are released .
As of March 31 , 2017 , MSEA Tankers , LLC had various classes of limited liability interests outstanding of which APOLLO INVESTMENT CORP holds Class A-1 and Class A-2 units which are identical except that Class A-1 unit is voting and Class A-2 unit is non - voting .
The table below shows the maximum amounts that could be paid to Mr. Busse , the president / chief executive officer , and Mr. Hogan , the executive vice president / chief operating officer , respectively , under their agreements .
In January 2014 , PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO acquired Helix Uniformed Limited ( Helix ) , located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Specifically , o n December 4 , 2015 a claim was filed in the United States District Court , District of Nevada by Jablonski Enterprises , Ltd. against several defendants , including Lithium Corp Company , Summa , LLC , the Nye County Assessor , the Mapping Administrator for Nye County , the Nye County District Attorney and the Nye County Deputy District Attorney with respect to the a parcel of land in Nye County , which include the Hughes Claims .
B. Francis Saul II _ _ _ _ B. Francis Saul II Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
Zhou Jian , a director of the Company , is also the son of the former CEO of XIANGTIAN ( USA ) AIR POWER CO , LTD , and a nephew of Mr. Zhou Deng Hua ( a director and shareholder of the Company ) , as a result , the acquisition was accounted for as an acquisition from an entity under common control and the asset was recorded at Luck Sky HK s historical cost .
At December 31 , 2015 , LINN Energy s last reported sales price was $ 1.29 per unit , as reported by NASDAQ , and LinnCo , LLC owned approximately 37 % of LINN Energy s outstanding units .
Any comparison of pre - Merger Aegerion revenues and operations with NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . may not be helpful to an understanding of NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . 's results for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 or future periods .
In accordance with Iowa law , IPL is required to file an EEP every five years with the IUB .
May 7 , 2002 MARIBETH GUSTAFSON , Forest Supervisor .
The trustees of the trust fund under the ESOP Plan are Scott M. Quist ( Chairman ) , S. Andrew Quist , and Robert G. Hunter , who each serve as a director of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP .
ALAMO GROUP INC provides a defined contribution 401(k ) retirement and savings plan for eligible U.S. employees .
The expanded Burleson facility house s raw material storage and product distribution and allow expansion space as required for AxoGen operations .
Mr. Paradiso , an employee of Ryder Scott Company , L.P. ( Ryder Scott ) since 2008 , is a Vice President and also serves as Project Coordinator , responsible for coordinating and supervising staff and consulting engineers of UNIT CORP in ongoing reservoir evaluation studies worldwide .
DBCS agreed to transfer and sell to Invesco all of DBCS interest in the PowerShares DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund ( the Fund ) , including the sole and exclusive power to direct the business and affairs of the Fund , as well as certain other assets of DBCS pertaining to the management of the Fund , pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement ( the Transaction ) .
As a holding company that owns insurance companies domiciled in the United States , Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. and Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. insurance subsidiaries are subject to comprehensive laws , regulations and rules .
Also as of December 31 , 2016 , SOHU COM INC held over 50 % of the total voting power of Sogou on a fully - diluted basis and controlled the election of a majority of the Board of Directors of Sogou , assuming that Tencent s non - voting Class B Ordinary Shares are converted to voting shares , that all of the Sogou Class A Ordinary Shares that Sogou has repurchased are re - issued to shareholders other than us , and that all Sogou share options under the Sogou 2010 Share Incentive Plan and all Sogou share options under the Sohu Management Sogou Share Option Arrangement are granted and exercised .
For the year ended December 31 , 2015 , Neff Corp operating activities provided net cash flow of $ 122.2 million as compared to $ 94.1 million for the year ended December 31 , 2014 .
On December 11 , 2015 eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp entered into a convertible note with Firstfire Global Opportunities Fund , LLC for $ 275,000 in principal amount with a 10 % original issue discount , and a 5 year warrant to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp with an exercise price of $ 0.80 per share .
31.2 * Certification by Robert McKeracher , Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a ) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended .
Management has made the decision to sell the DeVry University owned facility in Pomona , California , and is intending to remain in this market in a smaller leased space .
Prior to March 28 , 2013 , GAIF II was organized as a Delaware Limited Liability Company which was formed on May 16 , 2006 and commenced operations on August 1 , 2006 .
FS Energy & Power Fund were formed on September 16 , 2010 and commenced investment operations on July 18 , 2011 after satisfying the minimum offering requirement of selling , in aggregate , $ 2.5 million in common shares to persons not affiliated with us or FS Advisor .
Mobiquity Networks subsidiary due to the implementation of Mobiquity Technologies , Inc. new revenue business model .
On July 29 , 2014 , HLBE entered into an intercompany loan agreement and related loan documents with Agrinatural ( the " Original Agrinatural Credit Facility " ) .
However , Bazaarvoice Inc intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside the U.S. and Bazaarvoice Inc current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund Bazaarvoice Inc domestic operations .
In 2012 investment funds affiliated with TSG Consumer Partners , LLC ( TSG ) , purchased interests in Pla - Fit Holdings .
Carlyle Group L.P. estimate that as of December 31 , 2015 , if the U.S. dollar strengthened 10 % against all foreign currencies , the impact on Carlyle Group L.P. consolidated results of operations for the year then ended would be as follows : ( a ) fund management fees would decrease by $ 30.5 million , ( b ) performance fees would decrease by $ 37.9 million and ( c ) investment income would decrease by $ 2.8 million .
Stephen M. Hosmer , President and Chief Financial Officer .
Before joining Syniverse , Ms. Hennen was Vice President of Human Resources for Emdeon Business Services from January 2004 to March 2006 .
Mr. Bedell previously served on the board of directors of World Point Terminals Inc , predecessor to World Point Terminals , LP parent and a Canadian and Toronto Stock Exchange company prior to June 2010 .
Liberty currently owns approximately 38 % of HSN and , under the HSN Merger Agreement , will acquire the remaining stake , making HSN a wholly - owned subsidiary that will be attributed to the QVC Group .
Stephen Robinson entered into an Employment Agreement with SPO , dated July 1 , 2012 , under which he is employed as the chief financial officer of SPO .
In November 2016 , HTG MOLECULAR DIAGNOSTICS , INC entered a Governing Agreement with QML , a wholly owned subsidiary of QIAGEN N.V. Under the Governing Agreement , HTG MOLECULAR DIAGNOSTICS , INC and QML jointly seek collaborative development agreements with biopharmaceutical companies for the development , manufacture and potential commercialization of companion diagnostic assays .
RITCHIE BROS AUCTIONEERS INC operate worldwide with locations in more than 15 countries , including the United States , Canada , Australia , the United Arab Emirates , and the Netherlands , and employ more than 1,700 full time employees worldwide .
Stephen Pudles has served as a director of Origo Acquisition Corp since June 2016 .
Certain of Ominto , Inc. s foreign subsidiaries have cash balances that are denominated in U.S. dollars .
Concurrently with the closing of the transaction , Alan Smith , Chief Executive Officer of Canna - Life purchased 120,000,000 shares of Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. s common stock from Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. s majority stockholder .
( 11 ) Investment in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . did not have any investments in unconsolidated joint ventures as of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 .
Mark Gatto , Co - Chairman , Co - CEO , Co - President and Director , originally joined ICON Capital in 1999 .
As of December 31 , 2015 , TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . s total estimated compensation cost related to equity - based awards , not yet recognized , was approximately $ 170 million , and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period between one and two years .
On December 19 , 2014 , SUPERIOR INDUSTRIES INTERNATIONAL INC entered into a senior secured credit agreement ( the " Credit Agreement " ) with J.P. Morgan Securities LLC , JP Morgan Chase Bank , N.A. ( JPMCB ) and Wells Fargo Bank , National Association ( together with JPMCB , the Lenders ) .
Mr. Sherman served as chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation and Nominating Committees of KINGOLD JEWELRY , INC . Board from February 2011 until his resignation on May 9 , 2016 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Richard G. Stifel , Principal Financial Officer of Mountain High Acquisitions Corp , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Intellectual Property As of December 31 , 2015 , Intersect ENT , Inc. owned 59 issued patents globally , of which 29 were issued U.S. patents , and Intersect ENT , Inc. owned 37 pending patent applications globally , of which 12 were pending patent applications in the United States .
The DOE formally set the fee to zero effective May 16 , 2014 .
Except for LIBBEY INC Chinese and Canadian subsidiaries , LIBBEY INC plan to indefinitely reinvest the earnings of all foreign subsidiaries to support ongoing operations , capital expenditures , debt service and continued growth plans outside the United States .
BOSTON SCIENTIFIC CORP gross profit was $ 1.510 billion for the first quarter of 2017 and $ 1.391 billion for the first quarter of 2016 .
CPE Inc , a Delaware corporation organized on July 31 , 2008 , is a holding company that manages its 100 % owned consolidated subsidiary CPE Resources , but has no business operations or material assets other than its ownership interest in CPE Resources .
Petronav Carriers LLC , a Delaware corporation ( Petronav ) , was incorporated in March 2016 with the purpose of managing the day - to - day operations of its four vessels , which are used to transport Petrogress , Inc. s petroleum products within various countries in West Africa .
Carlyle Group L.P. chairman , Daniel A. D Aniello , together with Carlyle Group L.P. co - chief executive officers , William E. Conway , Jr. and David M. Rubenstein , are Carlyle Group L.P. founders and co - principal executive officers .
Polymathes Capital is located in Princeton , New Jersey .
Dispositions of Assets and Discontinued Operations are not included in SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC consolidated results of continuing operations for the year ended December 31 , 2013 .
With regard to Mr. Parrett , Mr. Schwarzman considered his significant experience , expertise and background with regard to auditing and accounting matters , his leadership role at Deloitte and his seven years of experience serving as a director on boards of directors .
Prior to joining Orexigen , Dr. Cannell spent 27 years at Merck Co , Inc , a healthcare company , in sales and marketing and as a general manager .
NanoVibronix , Inc. board of directors has determined that Christopher Fashek , Michael Ferguson , Thomas R. Mika and NanoVibronix , Inc. former director Ira Greenstein , who resigned from NanoVibronix , Inc. board of directors on March 31 , 2017 , satisfy the requirements for independence set out in Section 5605(a)(2 ) of the Nasdaq Stock Market Rules and that they have no material relationship with us ( other than being a director and/or a stockholder ) .
As Messrs. Blackmon and Verzura may have had significant influence on management or operating polices of the customer , United Cannabis Corp have classified sales to this customer as revenues , affiliate , in United Cannabis Corp consolidated statements of operations and accounts receivable from this customer as due from related parties on United Cannabis Corp consolidated balance sheets .
ITN retained the right to conduct research and development activities in connection with PV materials , and Ascent Solar Technologies , Inc. agreed to grant a license back to ITN for improvements to the licensed technologies and intellectual property outside of the CIGS PV field .
PUBLIC SERVICE CO OF NEW HAMPSHIRE electric transmission segment earnings increased $ 66.3 million in 2016 , as compared to 2015 , due primarily to a higher transmission rate base as a result of increased investments in PUBLIC SERVICE CO OF NEW HAMPSHIRE transmission infrastructure , the FERC - allowed recovery of certain merger - related costs in 2016 ( $ 16.5 million ) , and the absence in 2016 of reserve charges in 2015 associated with the FERC ROE complaint proceedings ( $ 12.4 million ) .
Intellia Therapeutics , Inc. are highly dependent on the research and development , clinical , legal and business development expertise of Nessan Bermingham , Ph . D , Intellia Therapeutics , Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer , John M. Leonard , M.D , Intellia Therapeutics , Inc.
Production of MOSAIC CO animal feed ingredients products is located at MOSAIC CO New Wales , Florida facility .
All obligations under the 2016 Agreement are unconditionally guaranteed by RADISYS CORP wholly owned subsidiary , Radisys International LLC .
Organization and Purpose Equinox Frontier Funds , which is referred to in this report as the Trust , was formed on August 8 , 2003 , as a Delaware statutory trust .
In October 2016 , Cerulean entered into a research collaboration agreement with Novartis .
On July 17 , 2017 , Greater Cannabis Company , Inc. entered into a Convertible Promissory Note and Warrant and Subscription Agreement with Xeraflop Technologies , Inc.
Hoverink Biotechnologies , Inc. issued 1,000,000 shares to W. Neil Gallagher , for consulting services Hoverink Biotechnologies , Inc. issued 6,900,000 shares to Davidra Nicole Sajna , Chairman , President Hoverink Biotechnologies , Inc. issued 6,800,000 shares to Debbie Carter Hoverink Biotechnologies , Inc. chief executive officer , and chief financial officer Hoverink Biotechnologies , Inc. issued 8,200,000 shares to Cyrus Sajna , Vice President On 9/22/2017 Hoverink Biotechnologies , Inc. entered into a loan for $ 115,090 This loan matures in 9/22/2022 and can be paid in full at any time before without prepayment penalty .
DubLi , a wholly owned subsidiary of Ominto , Inc , has a global network marketing organization with Business Associate ( BA ) representatives in many countries throughout the world .
Beginning on December 23 , 2014 , Cytosorbents Corp Common Stock began trading on NASDAQ .
Robert A. Schriesheim Robert A. Schriesheim Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Sears Holdings Corporation .
In 2014 , EDC and LSB were named as defendants , together with other AN manufacturers and brokers that arranged the transport and delivery of AN to West Fertilizer , in the case styled City of West , Texas vs. CF Industries , Inc , et al , in the District Court of McLennan County , Texas .
Prior to his tenure at Exa , Dr. Chen was a visiting assistant physics professor at Dartmouth College and a postdoctoral fellow at Los Alamos National Laboratory .
At the time of the distribution , Cars.com Inc. issued equity awards under the Omnibus Plan as a result of the conversion of certain outstanding share - based awards previously granted by TEGNA into awards denominated in Cars.com Inc. shares in accordance with the terms of the separation and distribution agreement and the employee matters agreement Cars.com Inc. entered into with TEGNA .
HTG MOLECULAR DIAGNOSTICS , INC expect that it will take several years to establish broad coverage and reimbursement for testing services based on HTG MOLECULAR DIAGNOSTICS , INC products with payors in countries outside of the United States , and HTG MOLECULAR DIAGNOSTICS , INC efforts may not be successful .
Name ( 1 ) Title A. Christopher Bakken , III ( 2 ) Executive Vice President and Chief Nuclear Officer Leo P. Denault Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Marcus V. Brown Executive Vice President and General Counsel Haley R. Fisackerly President and Chief Executive Officer , Entergy Mississippi Andrew S. Marsh Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Entergy Arkansas , Entergy Louisiana , Entergy Mississippi , Entergy New Orleans , and Entergy Texas Phillip R. May , Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer , Entergy Louisiana Hugh T. McDonald ( 3 ) Former President and Chief Executive Officer , Entergy Arkansas Sallie T. Rainer President and Chief Executive Officer , Entergy Texas Charles L. Rice , Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer , Entergy New Orleans Richard C. Riley ( 3 ) President and Chief Executive Officer , Entergy Arkansas Roderick K. West Executive Vice President .
Organization , Description of Business and Basis of Presentation United Rentals , Inc. ( Holdings , URI or the Company ) is principally a holding company and conducts its operations primarily through its wholly owned subsidiary , United Rentals ( North America ) , Inc. ( URNA ) , and subsidiaries of URNA .
SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO investment in Rockies Express was $ 477 million at December 31 , 2015 .
Net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended December 31 , 2014 was $ 7.9 million , consisting primarily of $ 7.5 million in net proceeds from the Keltic Facility , $ 1.8 million in net proceeds from the issuance of Common Stock pursuant to Castle Brands Inc. distribution agreements with Barrington , $ 0.6 million in proceeds from the exercise of the Common Stock warrants issued in Castle Brands Inc 2011 private placement and $ 0.2 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options , partially offset by the $ 1.25 million repayment of the Junior Loan and the $ 0.9 million paid on the Bourbon Term Loan .
The preparation of AIR T INC s condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires the use of estimates and assumptions to determine certain assets , liabilities , revenues and expenses .
During the nine months ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP purchased approximately $ 121 and $ 322 in components for XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP s tablet PCs from Ember Industries , Inc , a contract manufacturer .
Similar to the environment in the United States , the current environment in jurisdictions outside the United States in which Carlyle Group L.P. operate , in particular Europe , has become subject to further regulation .
GCP Applied Technologies Inc. 2013 effective tax rate of approximately 32 % was lower than the 35 % U.S. statutory rate primarily due to benefits recognized during the year including $ 4.3 million related to repatriated foreign earnings , $ 3.1 million related to the release of reserves for uncertain tax positions , $ 2.6 million due to the domestic production activities deduction and $ 2.2 million due to lower taxes in non - U.S. jurisdictions , partially offset by $ 4.1 million in charges related to state and local income taxes and $ 2.7 million for non - deductible expenses .
Since 1994 , he has served as President of McLaughlin International , Inc , or MII , a management consulting firm controlled by Mr. McLaughlin .
After the initial impairment in 2015 , EDGEWELL PERSONAL CARE Co were in the beginning stages of consolidating EDGEWELL PERSONAL CARE Co feminine care manufacturing operations into one plant in the U.S , with the project expected to deliver significant cost savings for the manufacture of Playtex feminine care products , as well as EDGEWELL PERSONAL CARE
On May 7 , 2014 , American Insurance Acquisition , Inc. ( American Acquisition ) , a subsidiary of Atlas , entered into a loan and security agreement ( Former Loan Agreement ) for a $ 10.0 million revolving loan facility with Fifth Third Bank .
ORION FUTURES FUND LP entered into corresponding and related settlements with the CME and CBOT in which the CME found that ORION FUTURES FUND LP violated CME Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined ORION FUTURES FUND LP $ 750,000 and CBOT found that ORION FUTURES FUND LP violated CBOT Rules 432.Q and 538 and fined ORION FUTURES FUND LP $ 1,000,000 .
Ong Kooi Tatt has served as Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd Secretary and director since November 8 , 2016 and November 4 , 2016 , respectively .
Effective July 1 , 2014 , Atlas entered into a quota share reinsurance contract ( " Quota Share " ) with Swiss Reinsurance America Corporation ( " Swiss Re " ) for the commercial auto and general liability lines of business written by American Country , American Service and Gateway .
Mr. Humphrey has served as a member of SYMANTEC CORP Board since August 2016 when he joined in connection with Bain Capital s investment in Symantec , prior to which he served on Blue Coat s board of directors since May 2015 .
Brad Juneau President and Chief Executive Officer .
TSS , Inc. may terminate the agreement at the end of the initial term upon 60 days notice and payment of an early termination fee to RTS in the amount of $ 10,000 .
LSB INDUSTRIES INC consolidated operating loss for 2015 was $ 50.8 million , including an operating loss of $ 41.8 million from LSB INDUSTRIES INC Chemical Business .
For 2017 , the strengthening global economic environment compared to 2016 , the full year impact of the 2017 and 2016 acquisitions and continued focus on and implementation of Operational Excellence initiatives , including the 2016 realignment actions , are expected to have a positive impact on the remainder of AMETEK INC/ s 2017 results .
WASTE MANAGEMENT INC 2014 results were affected by the following : .
While Oasis Petroleum Inc. have budgeted $ 620.0 million for these purposes , the ultimate amount of capital Oasis Petroleum Inc. will expend may fluctuate materially based on market conditions and the success of Oasis Petroleum Inc. drilling and operations results as the year progresses .
The difference between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and PQ Group Holdings Inc. effective income tax rate for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 was mainly due to the tax effect of PQ Group Holdings Inc. foreign currency exchange loss recognized as a discrete item for the purposes of calculating the effective tax rate as well as the tax effect of repatriating foreign earnings back to the U.S. as dividends , partially offset by lower tax rates in foreign jurisdictions as compared to the U.S. federal tax rate , state taxes and foreign withholding taxes .
Section 302 Certification of David B. Rottino , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of LinnCo , LLC 32.1 * * .
During the year ended March 31 , 2017 , DETERMINE , INC . total revenues increased by 3 % or $ 0.7 million , to $ 27.5 million compared with total revenues of $ 26.8 million during the year ended March 31 , 2016 .
PENSKE AUTOMOTIVE GROUP , INC . operations may be affected by severe weather , such as the recent hurricanes in Puerto Rico , Florida and Texas , or other periodic business interruptions ; .
Economic and industry conditions constantly change , and negative economic conditions in the United States and other countries may create challenges for us that could materially and adversely affect SKYWEST INC operations and financial condition .
Mr. Cassano has served as executive vice president , chief financial officer , secretary and director of Jaguar Acquisition Corporation , a Delaware corporation ( OTCBB : JGAC ) , a blank check company , since its formation in June 2005 .
MARCUS CORP currently expect to continue reporting higher than normal percentage increases in MARCUS CORP average concession sales per person during each period of fiscal 2016 compared to the prior year comparable periods due to MARCUS CORP increased number of non - traditional food and beverage outlets , although as noted above , several factors can impact MARCUS CORP actual results in this key metric .
From November 2006 to February 2012 , Mr. Severson served on the Board of Directors of CytoCore , Inc , a biotechnology company .
In connection with the closing of the Amended and Restated SSS purchase Agreement , on December 21 , 2016 , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . entered into the Revised Content License Agreement ( the Revised Content Agreement ) pursuant to which SSS will grant YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
In addition , PROTEON THERAPEUTICS INC rely on consultants and advisors , including scientific and clinical advisors , to assist us in formulating PROTEON THERAPEUTICS INC research and development and commercialization strategy including , F. Nicholas Franano , PROTEON THERAPEUTICS INC scientific founder .
Celsion Corporation , a Delaware corporation based in Lawrenceville , New Jersey , its wholly - owned subsidiaries CLSN Laboratories , Inc , also a Delaware corporation , and Celsion GmbH , a limited liability company in Zug Switzerland , referred to herein as Celsion , Celsion CORP , or Celsion CORP , as the context requires , is a fully - integrated development stage oncology drug company focused on developing a portfolio of innovative cancer treatments , including directed chemotherapies , DNA - mediated immunotherapy and RNA based therapies .
INTERGROUP CORP 's Common Stock is listed and trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market tier of the NASDAQ Stock Market , LLC under the symbol : INTG .
FBR & Co. revenues from public equity and debt transactions were $ 46.4 million in 2013 .
Trovagene , Inc. entered into an agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. ( Agent ) on January 25 , 2013 to issue and sell up to $ 30,000,000 of shares of common stock through the Agent .
Gregory S. Hinds , Jagged Peak Energy Inc. s former Executive Vice President , Development Planning Acquisitions ; and .
Messrs. Milinazzo and Shore and Dr. Barry are parties to certain agreements related to their service as executive officers and directors described under Item 11 .
On October 22 , 2015 , ARK RESTAURANTS CORP , through its wholly - owned subsidiaries , Ark Shuckers , LLC and Ark Shuckers Real Estate , LLC , acquired the assets of Shuckers Inc. ( Shuckers ) , a restaurant and bar located at the Island Beach Resort in Jensen Beach , FL , and six condominium units ( four of which house the restaurant and bar operations ) .
LATTICE SEMICONDUCTOR CORP first quarter of fiscal 2017 and first quarter of fiscal 2016 ended on April 1 , 2017 and April 2 , 2016 , respectively .
Earnings from unconsolidated affiliates increased by $ 14.0 million , or 73.7 % , as result of American Midstream Partners , LP investments in the Emerald Transactions and the additional investments in Delta House occurring in Q2 and Q4 2016 .
In March 2014 , a former Del Taco employee filed a purported class action complaint alleging that Del Taco has not appropriately provided meal breaks and failed to pay wages to its California hourly employees .
On August 15 , 2014 , LinnCo , LLC , through two of its wholly owned subsidiaries , completed the trade of a portion of its Permian Basin properties to Exxon Mobil Corporation and its affiliates , including its wholly owned subsidiary XTO Energy Inc. ( Exxon XTO ) , in exchange for properties in the Hugoton Basin .
This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT , dated as of July 1 , 2017 , is by and between SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES , INC , a Delaware corporation with its principal executive offices at 80 Orville Drive , Suite 102 , Bohemia , New York 11716 ( the Company ) and ROBERT NICHOLS , an individual residing at 16 Adams Street , Rocky Point , New York 11778 ( Employee ) .
On a fully diluted basis , assuming the exercise of all outstanding warrants and outstanding stock appreciation rights , Gary Winemaster alone beneficially owned approximately 34.34 % of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . outstanding shares of common stock .
Governmental Proceedings The Georgia Department of Revenue , or DOR , has conducted a sales and use tax audit of COPART INC operations in Georgia for the period from January 1 , 2007 through June 30 , 2011 .
HLBE , through its wholly owned subsidiary , HLBE Pipeline Company , LLC , owns 73 % of Agrinatural Gas , LLC ( Agrinatural ) .
Mr. Teitelbaum has served as CVD EQUIPMENT CORP outside General Counsel for many years and his legal expertise makes him an asset to CVD EQUIPMENT CORP s board of directors .
Prior to the closing of the IPO on November 10 , 2014 , long - term debt represented amounts outstanding under a credit facility agreement between Midstream Operating , then a wholly owned subsidiary of Antero and now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Partnership , and the lenders under Antero s credit facility ( the Antero credit facility ) , that were incurred for the Water Acquisition and construction of the Predecessor s gathering and .
If LINN Energy exercises any of its rights to purchase LinnCo , LLC shares , you may be required to sell your shares at a time or price that may be undesirable , and you could receive less than you paid for your shares .
Preceding the transaction , MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC . served as a holding company for MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC . predecessor s wholly - owned subsidiary , Authentic Teas Inc , a corporation incorporated in the province of Ontario , Canada on July 8 , 2010 ( AUTT Canada ) .
The issuance of shares of Aviragen Therapeutics , Inc. common stock to Vaxart stockholders in the pending Merger will dilute substantially the voting power of Aviragen Therapeutics , Inc. current stockholders .
Robert R. Franklin , Jr , Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer .
Legacy Hay operating loss of $ 29.2 million , included integration / acquisition costs of $ 8.2 million and restructuring charges of $ 20.5 million .
Although ICTV Brands Inc. companies are incorporated in New Zealand , Nevada , Israel , United Kingdom , Hong Kong , and Brazil , ICTV Brands Inc. operations are currently run from ICTV Brands Inc.
On October 16 , 2014 , ESL Partners , L.P. and Edward S. Lampert , SEARS HOLDINGS CORP Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ESL exercised a portion of its pro rata portion of the basic subscription rights to the offering .
Mr. Lerdal served as an independent director .
These third - party marketers may decide to sell HIGHWATER ETHANOL LLC products in countries other than the United States .
OFS Capital Corp recognized net losses of $ 2.4 million on subordinated debt during the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , primarily as a result of the net negative impact of portfolio company - specific performance factors , including an unrealized loss of $ 2.1 million recognized on OFS Capital Corp subordinated debt investment in Community Intervention Services , Inc , which was placed on non - accrual during 2016 .
On January 24 , 2017 , Mirage Energy Corporation , a Nevada corporation ( Mirage or the Company ) entered into an agreement with Mirage s President and CEO , Mr. Michael Ward , whereby Mirage acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of 4Ward Resources Inc , a Texas corporation ( 4Ward Resources ) from Mr. Ward in exchange for 10,000,000 shares of Mirage s Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares of Mirage s Series A Preferred Stock .
On February 21 , 2017 , Lifelogger Technologies Corp entered into an investment agreement ( the Investment Agreement ) with Stewart Garner , Lifelogger Technologies Corp s Chief Executive Officer and the sole member of its board of directors .
Additionally upon BECTON DICKINSON & CO announcement of the Bard agreement , Fitch Ratings ( " Fitch " ) assigned corporate debt ratings to BD for the first time and assigned BD a Long - term Issuer Default Rating of BBB- and an outlook of Stable .
On March 22 , 2013 , Chevron settled its claims against Stratus Consulting , and on April 12 , 2013 sworn declarations by representatives of Stratus Consulting were filed with the Court admitting their role and that of the plaintiffs ' attorneys in drafting the environmental report of the mining engineer appointed by the provincial court in Lago Agrio .
Non - interest income of $ 45.1 million in the current year period reflects realized gains and losses on sales of residential mortgage loans , of $ 50.0 million , gains and income generated on Sutherland Asset Management Corp residential mortgage servicing activities of $ 24.2 million , loan origination fee income on residential mortgage loans of $ 6.0 million , offset by correspondent fees and other direct loan expenses of $ 35.1 million .
FTI CONSULTING INC financing activities for 2014 included cash inflows of $ 13.1 million of refundable deposits related to one of FTI CONSULTING INC foreign entities and $ 4.8 million received from the issuance of common stock under equity compensation plans , partially offset by outflows of $ 6.0 million for the repayment of long - term debt and $ 4.4 million in cash used to settle repurchases of FTI CONSULTING INC s common stock that were made , but not settled in the fourth quarter of 2013 .
LivaNova PLC also issued a side letter to Mr. McDonald on October 3 , 2016 addressing certain intended future equity awards that compensate Mr. McDonald for unvested , but in - the - money equity awards Mr. McDonald forfeited to accept employment with us .
In the third quarter of fiscal 2017 , COHERENT INC entered into an agreement with a potential purchaser of the Hull Business and submitted COHERENT INC proposed purchaser to the European Commission for its review and approval , including the terms under which the purchase and operation of the Hull Business will occur .
Mr. McGroarty joined Safeguard as Vice President and Corporate Controller in December 2005 , subsequently became Vice President Finance and Corporate Controller , and served as Senior Vice President Finance from November 2012 until his promotion to Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2013 .
On November 12 , 2014 , Twenty - First Century Fox completed the sale of Sky Italia and its 57 % interest in Sky Deutschl and to Sky plc ( Sky ) .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Orbital Tracking Corp. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , David Phipps , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company and Theresa Carlise , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Secretary ( Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer ) duly certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
In addition to Immune Design Corp. current agreements with MedImmune , Sanofi and Sanofi Pasteur , a part of Immune Design Corp. strategy is to enter into additional product development collaborations in the future , including collaborations with major biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies .
Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , ( the Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code ( 18 U.S.C. 1350 ) , Neal Walker , President and Chief Executive Officer of Aclaris Therapeutics , Inc. ( the Company ) , and Frank Ruffo , Chief Financial Officer of Aclaris Therapeutics , Inc , each hereby certifies that , to the best of his knowledge : .
In connection with the Annual Report of Stemcell Holdings , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Takaaki Matsuoka , Principal Financial Officer of Stemcell Holdings , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
On December 16 , 2013 , LinnCo , LLC completed the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement between LinnCo , LLC , LinnCo , LLC ( LinnCo ) , an affiliate of LINN Energy , and Berry under which LinnCo acquired all of the outstanding common shares of Berry and the contribution agreement between LinnCo and LinnCo , LLC , under which LinnCo contributed Berry to LinnCo , LLC in exchange for LINN Energy units .
Mr. S derlund has served as Executive Vice President , EA Worldwide Studios since September 2013 .
On March 20 , 2014 , Heritage Global Inc. s former majority shareholder , Street Capital Group Inc. ( formerly Counsel Corporation , herein referred to as Street Capital ) , declared a dividend of all of its shares of the Company .
ICU MEDICAL INC / DE sales administrative operations are in San Clemente , California , Roncanova , Italy , Houten , Netherlands , Bella Vista , NSW Australia , Ludenscheid , Germany and Johannesburg , South Africa .
Although YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . believe that YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . business operations are in compliance with the current laws in China , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . can not be sure that the PRC government would view YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . operating arrangements to be in compliance with PRC regulations that may be adopted in the future .
the receipt of milestone payments under Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc collaboration agreement with KHK ; .
MS Co. has agreed to pay Transtrend Master interest on 100 % of the average daily equity maintained in cash in Transtrend Master s brokerage account at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4 - Week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate less 0.15 % during such month but in no event less than zero .
Prior to joining the Manager , Mr. Calderini worked at Deutsche Bank from June 1997 to July 2010 where he held positions of increasing responsibility , most recently the Global Head of Equity Proprietary Trading .
On April 17 , 2017 , in connection with completion of the Greenway Properties joint venture transaction , Parkway , Inc , through its subsidiaries , entered into a joint venture agreement , the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of GWP JV Limited Partnership ( the Joint Venture Agreement ) .
In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report of Tyson Foods , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended July 1 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Dennis Leatherby , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TYSON FOODS INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , to the best of my knowledge , that : ( 1 )
EQUITY TRANSACTIONS On February 1 , 2017 through approval of its Board of Directors , Atacama Resources International , Inc. issued 2,000,000 shares at $ 0.085 per share to William D. Webb , Jr , CFO and in exchange for services totaling $ 170,000 .
POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . working capital increase of $ 38,458,000 was attributable primarily to a $ 36,444,000 increase in POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . net inventory from December 31 , 2014 , principally resulting from continued growth in POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC .
The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) and include the accounts of Milestone Scientific and its wholly owned and majority owned subsidiaries , including , Wand Dental ( wholly owned ) , Milestone Advanced Cosmetic ( majority owned ) and Milestone Medical ( majority owned ) .
Mr. Taylor holds a BS in Finance with an emphasis in Financial Management from the California State University in Long Beach .
During the three months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , none of Broadstone Net Lease , Inc. leases with tenants expired , and all of Broadstone Net Lease , Inc. leasing activity related to Broadstone Net Lease , Inc. real estate acquisitions .
STK Rooftop San Diego will operate a rooftop restaurant , lounge and bar known as STK Rooftop in the Andaz Hotel in San Diego , California .
In connection with the Annual Report of CloudCommerce , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ending June 30 , 2017 ( the Report ) I , Andrew Van Noy , Chief Executive Officer and President of CLOUDCOMMERCE , INC , certify , pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of my knowledge and belief : .
Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30 , 2016 Income from oil and natural gas royalties , excluding the Trust s interest in Tidelands , increased to $ 208,249 during the three months ended September 30 , 2017 from $ 188,546 realized for the comparable period in 2016 .
( 6 ) Incorporated by reference to DEPOMED INC s Form 8 - K filed on July 29 , 2015 ( File No . 001 - 13111 ) .
On November 6 , 2014 , Freedom Leaf Inc. entered into a merger agreement ( the Merger Agreement ) with Freedom Leaf Inc , a Nevada corporation ( the Private Company ) , and the Private Company s officer and director , Clifford J. Perry ( Perry ) , being the owner of record of all of the issued share capital of the Private Company ( the FL Stock ) .
At March 31 , 2017 , total equity also includes an amount for noncontrolling interest , which reflects the outside stockholders interest in Valvoline Inc.
RadNet , Inc. operate 138 fixed - site , freestanding outpatient diagnostic imaging facilities in California , 9 in Delaware , 3 in Florida , 59 in Maryland , 19 in New Jersey , 19 in the Rochester and Hudson Valley areas of New York , 53 in New York City as well as 5 in Rhode Island .
If BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC future quarterly results fluctuate significantly or fail to meet the expectations of the investment community , then the market price of BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC common stock could decline substantially .
Executive Vice President , Director , and Chief Financial Officer of Martin Midstream GP LLC ( Principal Financial Officer , Principal Accounting Officer ) Robert D. Bondurant .
Frank L. Jaksch , Jr. Chief Executive Officer . /s/
Planet Fitness , Inc. and Planet Fitness , Inc. franchisees operations and properties are subject to extensive U.S. and Canadian federal , state , provincial and local laws and regulations , including those relating to environmental , building and zoning requirements .
Thomas B. Akin is the Managing Member of the General Partner , Talkot Capital , LLC .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL INC discussion and analysis of CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL INC liquidity , capital resources and results of operations is based upon CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL INC unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S.
Description of Business Redfin Corporation ( Redfin or the Company ) was incorporated in October 2002 and is headquartered in Seattle , Washington .
The impact of adoption on MAXLINEAR INC previously reported results for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 is shown below and related to the inclusion of excess tax benefits in the provision for income taxes on a prospective basis as of the beginning of the period and the exclusion of excess
Basement Manager , which commenced operations on August 25 , 2006 , operated a nightclub known as Tenjune located in New York , New York .
On October 28 , 2015 , Ominto , Inc. entered into an employment agreement with Jeffrey Schuett to serve as Executive Vice President of Operations and Technology Solutions of the Company for a term of five ( 5 ) years , with successive one year renewals .
Income Tax Provision Income tax provision consists of federal , state , provincial , local and foreign taxes based on income in jurisdictions in which TPI COMPOSITES , INC operate , including in the United States , China , Mexico and Turkey .
Business Celsius Holdings , Inc. ( the Company or Celsius Holdings ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on April 26 , 2005 .
BECTON DICKINSON & CO foreign operations subject us to certain risks , including the effects of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange ( discussed above ) , the effects of local economic and political conditions , U.S. relations with the governments of the foreign countries in which BECTON DICKINSON & CO operate , foreign regulatory requirements or changes in such requirements , local product preferences and product requirements , longer payment terms for account receivables than BECTON DICKINSON & CO experience in the U.S , difficulty in establishing , staffing and managing foreign operations , differing labor regulations , potential changes to international trade agreements and treaties , changes in tax laws , weakening or loss of the protection of intellectual property rights in some countries , import or export licensing requirements , trade protection measures and restrictions on the transfer of capital across borders .
In addition , Mr. Miller is the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of GCEAR II , and has held these positions since February 2014 .
Under this method , all costs related to the acquisition , exploration and development of oil and natural gas reserves are capitalized and accumulated in a single cost center representing DENBURY RESOURCES INC activities , which are undertaken exclusively in the United States .
Through Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. subsidiary Alta Disposal Morinville Ltd , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. also operate in the waste water disposal industry .
During the year ended December 31 , 2016 , Spotlight Innovation Inc. financing activities from discontinued operations provided cash of $ 0 .
Gulf Power Company Internal Revenue Service Investment tax credit Kilowatt - hour London Interbank Offered Rate Mississippi Power Mississippi Power Company mmBtu Million British thermal units Moody 's Moody 's Investors Service , Inc.
Everett , Washington WADOE Action - In 2008 , JELD - WEN Holding , Inc. entered into an Agreed Order with the WADOE to assess historic environmental contamination at JELD - WEN Holding , Inc. former manufacturing site in Everett , Washington .
if , under certain circumstances , Delta has a right to terminate the ExpressJet Delta Connection Agreement ; .
Blackstone Group L.P. regularly rely on exemptions from various requirements of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 , as amended , or Securities Act , the Exchange Act , the 1940 Act , the Commodity Exchange Act and the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 , as amended , in conducting Blackstone Group L.P. asset management activities .
Edward M. Weil , Jr. Edward M. Weil , Jr. Chief Executive Officer and President ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
Upon closing of the transactions contemplated under the Exchange Agreement ( the Share Exchange ) , the GTCL Shareholders ( 7 members ) transferred all of the issued and outstanding equity of GTCL to Orbital Tracking Corp. in exchange for ( i ) an aggregate of 2,540,000 shares of the common stock of Orbital Tracking Corp. and 8,746,000 shares of the newly issued Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of Orbital Tracking Corp. with each share of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock convertible into ten shares of common stock , ( ii ) a cash payment of $ 375,000 ( the Cash Payment ) and ( iii ) a one - year promissory note in the amount of $ 122,536 ( the Note ) .
From June 2009 to December 2011 , Mr. Rai served as the Chief Information Officer and Vice President of Momentive Performance Materials Inc. ( formerly GE Advanced Materials ) , a manufacturer of specialty materials for diverse industrial applications , where he led its divestiture from General Electric Co. ( NYSE : GE ) ( " General Electric " ) .
Gregory E. Poling President and Chief Executive Officer .
In various jurisdictions in which MOSAIC CO operate , particularly Florida and Louisiana , MOSAIC CO are required to pass a financial strength test or provide credit support , typically in the form of surety bonds , letters of credit , certificates of deposit or trust funds .
In August 2015 , the FASB issued ASU 2015 - 15 , Interest - Imputation of Interest - Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line - of - Credit Arrangements , which is included in the ASC in Topic 835 .
Delphax provides a limited warranty for its digital presses and proprietary spare parts and supplies for 90 days after the date of sale , except in the European Union where the warranty period runs until one year after the date of sale .
Before founding Griffin Capital , Mr. Shields was a Senior Vice President and head of the Structured Real Estate Finance Group at Jefferies Company , Inc. in Los Angeles and a Vice President in the Real Estate Finance Department of Salomon Brothers Inc. in both New York and Los Angeles .
Compared to Year Ended December 31 , 2014 A discussion of Pepco s results of operations for 2016 compared to 2015 and for 2015 compared to 2014 is set forth under Results of Operations Pepco in EXELON CORPORATION Results of Operations of this Form 10 - K. Liquidity and Capital Resources Pepco s business is capital intensive and requires considerable capital resources .
issued a press release announcing MARCUS CORP financial results for the last five weeks of the Transition Period .
On June 12 , 2017 , Max Sound Corp entered into a conversion agreement with LG Capital Funding , LLC relating to a convertible promissory note dated September 19 , 2016 , with the original principal amount of $ 78,750 for 17,840,615 shares based on a conversion price of $ 0.00114 per share ( See Note 6 ) .
The election referred to above shall be made within 60 days after the Withdrawn Member s Settlement Date , based on a statement of the settlement of such Withdrawn Member s GP - Related Member Interest in Blackstone Group L.P. pursuant to this Section 6.5 .
Reliance Bank was organized in 1928 .
These include Dr. David M. Goldenberg , IMMUNOMEDICS INC s Chairman , Chief Scientific Officer and Chief Patent Officer , Ms. Cynthia L. Sullivan , the President and Chief Executive Officer , who is the wife of Dr. David M. Goldenberg , and certain companies with which IMMUNOMEDICS INC does business , including the Center for Molecular Medicine and Immunology ( CMMI ) , which is currently in the process of dissolving , and IBC Pharmaceuticals , Inc. IMMUNOMEDICS INC incurred $ 5 thousand and $ 14 thousand of legal expenses on behalf of CMMI for patent related matters for the three and six - month periods ended December 31 , 2015 , as compared to $ 12 thousand and $ 22 thousand for the three and six - month periods ended December 31 , 2014 , respectively .
In August 2007 , Jones Lang LaSalle Income Property Trust , Inc. purchased Railway Street Corporate Centre located in Calgary , Canada .
There was no any arrangement or understanding between Mr. Galarza and any other person(s ) pursuant to which he was selected as a director of the company .
The Global Markets Insurance segment includes Allied World Assurance Co Holdings , AG direct specialty insurance operations in Europe and Asia Pacific , which includes offices in Dublin , Hong Kong , Labuan , London , Singapore , Sydney and Zug , as well as Allied World Assurance Co Holdings , AG insurance agency operation .
Jacob Schwimmer is the trustee of the Schwimmer Family Irrevocable Gift Trust 2 and has sole voting and investment control over all of the shares held by this trust .
GLAUKOS Corp sell GLAUKOS Corp products through a direct sales organization in the United States , and outside the United States GLAUKOS Corp sell GLAUKOS Corp products primarily through direct sales subsidiaries in fourteen countries and through independent distributors in certain countries in which GLAUKOS Corp do not have a direct presence .
Mr. Bidzos served as Vice Chairman of RSA Security Inc , an Internet identity and access management solution provider , from March 1999 to May 2002 , and Executive Vice President from July 1996 to February 1999 .
Date : January 10 , 2017 By : /s/ John A. Conklin John A. Conklin Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer and Director ( Principal Executive Officer , Principal Financial Officer , and Principal Accounting Officer ) .
Market for Registrant s Common Equity , Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Shares of Intersect ENT , Inc. common stock have been traded on The NASDAQ Global Market , or NASDAQ , under the symbol XENT since July 24 , 2014 .
The loss of the services of Antero Midstream Partners LP general partner s senior management or technical personnel , including Paul M. Rady , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , and Glen C. Warren , Jr , President and Chief Financial Officer , could have a material adverse effect on Antero Midstream Partners LP business , financial condition and results of operations .
Revenue from the distribution of AxoGen s nerve repair products , the Avance Nerve Graft , AxoGuard Nerve Connector and AxoGuard Nerve Protector , in the United States is the main contributor to AxoGen s total reported sales and has been the key component of its growth to date .
The undersigned , Job Warshaw , being the President of LNR Partners , LLC ( the Special Servicer ) , as special servicer under the applicable Pooling and Servicing Agreement for the transactions listed on Schedule I hereto , hereby certifies , subject to any limitations listed on Schedule I hereto , as of the date hereof , on behalf of the Special Servicer , solely in his capacity as an authorized officer of the Special Servicer and not in his individual capacity , as follows : .
Under the Amended Term Loan Agreement , as of December 31 , 2015 the $ 673.7 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding under the Acquisition Term Loan and the $ 662.9 million in aggregate principal amount outstanding under the 2011 Term Loan bear interest , at Products Corporation 's option , at either : ( i ) the Eurodollar Rate ( as defined in the Amended Term Loan Agreement ) plus 2.5 % and 3.0 % per annum , respectively ( provided that in no event shall the Eurodollar Rate ( which is based upon LIBOR ) be less than 0.75 % and 1.0 % per annum , respectively ) ; or ( ii ) the Alternate Base Rate ( as defined in the Amended Term Loan Agreement ) plus 1.5 % and 2.0 % per annum , respectively , which Alternate Base Rate is based on the greater of Citibank , N.A. s announced base rate and the U.S. federal funds rate plus 0.5 % ( provided that in no event shall the Alternative Base Rate be less than 1.75 % and 2.0 % per annum , respectively ) .
The expected return on plan assets for the U.S. qualified pension plans for 2015 was selected , in consultation with Grace 's independent actuaries , using an expected return model .
Realized Gain ( Loss ) on Investments During the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , Great Elm Capital Corp. recorded net realized gains of $ 1,980 , primarily in connection with Great Elm Capital Corp. disposition of Great Elm Capital Corp. investment in JN Medical , which resulted in a $ 1,007 gain .
In addition , CrossAmerica Partners LP settled $ 1.9 million more in management fees related to the services provided under the Amended Omnibus Agreement in equity with CST in 2017 compared to 2016 .
Through international subsidiaries , Net Element , Inc. operates its international business with a focus on transactional services , mobile payment transactions , online payment transactions and value - added payment services and technologies in emerging countries including Europe , Asia , Russian Federation and the Commonwealth of Independent States ( CIS ) .
HSG agreed to purchase all ADAMANT DRI PROCESSING & MINERALS GROUP s products from its Zhuolu production facility regardless of changes in the market .
Certain of FS Energy & Power Fund 's consolidated subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes .
Meineng Energy intends to initially assemble and ultimately manufacture EnSync , Inc. 's products for sale in the power management industry on an exclusive basis in mainland China and on a non - exclusive basis in Hong Kong and Taiwan .
Net Operating Losses International WisdomTree Investments , Inc. s European and Canadian subsidiaries generated NOLs outside the U.S.
Off - Balance Sheet Arrangements Contingent Residual Support Agreement AmeriGas In connection with the closing of the contribution of its propane operations in January 2012 , ETP agreed to provide contingent residual support of $ 1.55 billion of intercompany borrowings made by AmeriGas and certain of its affiliates with maturities through 2022 from a finance subsidiary of AmeriGas that have maturity dates and repayment terms that mirror those of an equal principal amount of senior notes issued by this finance company subsidiary to third - party purchases .
Prior to joining us , Ms. Lockhart served as the Vice President and Controller of several public and private restaurant and retail companies , including Einstein / Noah Bagel Corp , Boston Market , VICORP ( parent company of Village Inn and Bakers Square restaurants ) and Ultimate Electronics .
Sales of Remark Media , Inc. common stock to Aspire Capital may cause substantial dilution to Remark Media , Inc.
Lotus Biotech Development Corp. are a startup company , or in other words , a company with a limited operating history , since Lotus Biotech Development Corp. operations have been limited to incorporating Lotus Bio- Technology Development Corp ; issuing stock to Zoltan Nagy , Lotus Biotech Development Corp. previous officer and director ; developing Lotus Biotech Development Corp. business plan ; began developing Lotus Biotech Development Corp. website ; Since then Lotus Biotech Development Corp. have spent all the money raised in Lotus Biotech Development Corp. public offering .
NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) .
The U.S. government , including the FTC and the Department of Commerce , is continuing to review the need for greater regulation over collecting information concerning consumer behavior on the Internet and on mobile devices .
Compensation for Service as Director of Northern Tier Energy GP LLC Messrs. Foster , Lamp , Stevens , Weaver and Barfield are directors of NTGP , the general partner of NTI .
METLIFE INC s effective tax rates differ from the U.S. statutory rate of 35 % due to non - taxable investment income , tax credits for low income housing , and foreign earnings taxed at lower rates than the U.S. statutory rate .
David B. Rottino is the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and has served in such capacity since August 2015 .
Kelly J. Stopher Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary / Treasurer .
As such , the information included in these financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 included in Akers Biosciences , Inc. s 2016 Form 10 - K.
In January 2017 , ASURE SOFTWARE INC acquired substantially all the assets of Payroll Specialties NW , Inc , an Oregon corporation .
In January 2014 , the preferred membership interests in Unified Payments plus accrued payment in kind ( PIK ) interest thereon was converted to an 8 % interest - only loan with a face value of approximately $ 13.3 million ( known as Georgia Notes 18 , LLC Note ) .
A review of CFCRE Commercial Mortgage Trust 2011 - C2 s activities as Certificate Administrator , Custodian , and Predecessor Trustee during the reporting period ending December 31 , 2015 and of its performance under the Agreement has been made under my supervision . 2 .
In addition , during the three - month and six - month periods ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 , a related company which is controlled by the Principal Stockholder of PHYSICAL PROPERTY HOLDINGS , INC , provided office space and general support for PHYSICAL PROPERTY HOLDINGS , INC . s activities with an aggregate charge of HK$210,000 , HK$210,000 , HK$420,000 and HK$420,000 respectively .
On July 16 , 2004 , SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP entered into an employment agreement with Scott M. Quist , the Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer .
In December 2014 , ORGANOVO HOLDINGS , INC . entered into an equity offering sales agreement , or the 2014 Sales Agreement , with Cantor Fitzgerald .
Fiscal 2014 operating losses from MARCUS CORP corporate items increased slightly compared to the prior year due in part to increased incentive compensation expenses related to MARCUS CORP improved operating results during fiscal 2014 compared to the prior year .
The Delaware GP may elect , in lieu of payment in cash of any amount payable to a Withdrawn Limited Partner pursuant to paragraph ( e ) above , to ( i ) have the Partnership issue to the Withdrawn Limited Partner a subordinated promissory note and/or to ( ii ) distribute in kind to the Withdrawn Limited Partner such Withdrawn Limited Partner s pro rata share ( as determined by the Delaware GP ) of any securities or other investments of the Partnership .
Finally , CERUS CORP may decide not to follow the advice provided by BARDA and instead pursue activities that CERUS CORP believe are in the best interests of CERUS CORP red blood cell program and Cerus , even if BARDA would not reimburse us under CERUS CORP agreement .
To provide for the funding to meet Greystone s operating activities and contractual obligations as of February 28 , 2017 , Greystone will have to continue to produce positive operating results or explore various options including additional long - term debt and equity financing .
STK Denver will operate a restaurant known as STK in Denver , Colorado .
The following table sets forth the share holdings of Geo Point Resources , Inc. directors and executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report : Ownership of Officers and Directors Title Of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Owner Percent of Class * Common Stock William C. Lachmar 0 0 % Common Stock Jeffrey R. Brimhall 0 0 % * Percentages are based on 1,002,204 shares of common stock being outstanding on the date of this Annual Report .
AlphaPoint Technology , Inc. consolidated revenues were $ 2,236 and $ 29,308 for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively .
Concurrently with the first funding of WCO capital commitments in July 2014 : ( i ) WALTER INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT CORP entered into a management agreement with WCO pursuant to which GTIM was appointed the manager of WCO .
Effective January 16 , 2015 , Jerome T. Carollo resigned as Senior Vice President of Business Development and his Employment Agreement was terminated .
Considering the tax loss carry forwards in Canada and the related valuation allowance , the deferred tax liability on MAD CATZ INTERACTIVE INC s undistributed earnings would be no more than $ 2.0 million at December 31 , 2015 .
On January 30 , 2015 , in connection with the Spin - off , FRP HOLDINGS , INC . terminated its $ 55 million credit facility entered with Wells Fargo Bank , N.A. in 2012 and simultaneously entered into a new five year credit agreement with Wells Fargo with a maximum facility amount of $ 20 million ( the Credit Agreement ) .
While ARC Group , Inc. company - owned restaurants did not generate a substantial percentage of ARC Group , Inc. revenue during ARC Group , Inc. 2016 fiscal year , the revenue generated by these restaurants was reflected in ARC Group , Inc. financial results for only the 12 - day period beginning December 19 , 2016 and ending December 31 , 2016 .
Exhibit 32 In connection with the annual report of SunOpta Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended January 2 , 2016 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Hendrik Jacobs , President and Chief Executive Officer of SunOpta Inc , and I , Robert McKeracher , Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of SunOpta Inc , certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , that to SunOpta Inc. knowledge : .
Prior to joining Hancock in 2002 , he was President of MetLife , Inc. s Individual Business enterprise .
For the years ended January 3 , 2015 and December 28 , 2013 , SunOpta Inc. recognized impairment losses of $ 8.4 million and $ 21.5 million , respectively , on SunOpta Inc. non - core investment in Enchi .
Hughes Satellite Systems Corp were formed as a Colorado corporation in March 2011 .
Mr. Michael LiCalsi , GLADSTONE LAND Corp general counsel and secretary , also serves as GLADSTONE LAND Corp Administrator s president .
MARCUS CORP also provide hospitality management services , including check - in , housekeeping and maintenance , for a vacation ownership development adjacent to the Grand Geneva Resort Spa owned by Orange Lake Resort Country Club of Orlando , Florida .
Prior to joining GSO , from 2004 to 2006 , Mr. Zawadzki was with Citigroup Private Equity , where he completed numerous private equity and subordinated debt investments .
Prior to such date Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock was eligible for quotation and trades under the symbol GWST since May 16 , 2014 .
The increase in realized investment loss for the year ended December 31 , 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily represented the realization of Carlyle 's cumulative losses from Carlyle Group L.P. guarantee of liabilities of Carlyle Europe Real Estate Partners I. L.P. ( CEREP I ) associated with an adverse court judgment in a French tax court proceeding of $ 80 million , offset by $ 9.7 million of lower realized investment losses in 2015 associated with Urbplan .
On October 23 , 2013 , SAUER ENERGY , INC . filed a complaint against St George Investments , LLC ( St. George ) in Superior Court , Ventura County California seeking declaratory relief as to contracts relating to SAUER ENERGY , INC . s May , 2012 purchase of the assets of Helix Wind from St. George for treasury stock then valued in excess of $ 1.8 Million and a subsequent February 2013 promissory note for $ 275,000 executed under the terms of an amendment to the May , 2012 asset purchase agreement .
The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements , in the opinion of management , reflect all adjustments , consisting of normal recurring adjustments , necessary to state fairly IMPINJ INC financial position as of September 30 , 2017 , IMPINJ INC results of operations for the three and nine month periods ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , and IMPINJ INC cash flows for the nine month periods ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
Bluerock Residential Growth REIT , Inc. has a 0.5 % common equity interest in BR Morehead JV Member , LLC , at March 31 , 2017 .
NIL Funding Corporation is an affiliate of The InterTech Group , whose Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer , Julian A. Tiedemann , serves as the Chairman of VICON INDUSTRIES INC /NY/ s Board of Directors .
A detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from such forward - looking statements is included in the section entitled Risk Factors contained in OXBRIDGE RE HOLDINGS Ltd Form 10 - K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on March 13 , 2017 .
On January 27 , 2015 Valmie Resources , Inc. entered into a share exchange agreement ( the Share Exchange Agreement ) with Vertitek and the sole shareholder of Vertitek , Masamos Services Ltd , a Cypriot corporation ( Masamos ) , to acquire 100 % of the capital stock of Vertitek .
In the U.K , COPART INC provide vehicle de - pollution and crushing services for end - of - life program vehicles .
The board of directors has determined that the four members of the audit committee , Messrs. Burrell , Clemmons , and Gandy and Mrs. Robinson , are independent , as contemplated in the listing standards of The NASDAQ Global Market .
Prior to starting his own firm , Mr. Doris served as Executive Vice President and In - House Counsel for PineLake Group , a real estate investment and development company in Toronto , Canada , and prior to working for PineLake , Mr. Doris was an associate lawyer at McMillan LLP , one of Canada 's leading business law firms .
On May 11 , 2015 , Otter Tail Corp entered into a Distribution Agreement with JPMS under which Otter Tail Corp may offer and sell Otter Tail Corp common shares from time to time through JPMS , as Otter Tail Corp distribution agent , up to an aggregate sales price of $ 75 million through an At - the - Market offering program .
Additionally , ZAYO GROUP LLC operate 49 data center facilities , which are located in eleven of the most important carrier hotels in the U.S , Canada and France .
These seasonal trends have caused , and will likely continue to cause , fluctuations in Ominto , Inc. quarterly results .
The members of Ellington Financial LLC management team include Michael Vranos , founder and Chief Executive Officer of Ellington , who serves as Ellington Financial LLC Co - Chief Investment Officer and a member of Ellington Financial LLC Board of Directors ; Laurence Penn , Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of Ellington , who serves as Ellington Financial LLC Chief Executive Officer and President and a member of Ellington Financial LLC Board of Directors ; Mark Tecotzky , a Managing Director of Ellington , who serves as Ellington Financial LLC Co - Chief Investment Officer ; Lisa Mumford , who serves as Ellington Financial LLC Chief Financial Officer ; Daniel Margolis , General Counsel of Ellington , who serves as Ellington Financial LLC General Counsel ; and Jason Frank , Associate General Counsel of Ellington , who serves as Ellington Financial LLC Secretary .
Ms. Maher joined SEARS HOLDINGS CORP as President and Chief Member Officer , Sears , in July 2015 .
Dr. Fox has served as the Co - Chair of the National Academy of Sciences ' Government - University - Industry Research Roundtable and served on the National Science Board and on President Bush 's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology .
Cinemark Holdings , Inc. and Basis of Presentation Cinemark Holdings , Inc. and subsidiaries ( the Company ) operates in the motion picture exhibition industry , with theatres in the United States ( U.S. ) , Brazil , Argentina , Chile , Colombia , Peru , Ecuador , Honduras , El Salvador , Nicaragua , Costa Rica , Panama , Guatemala , Bolivia , Curacao and Paraguay .
The acquisition of the remaining 50 % interest in IMTT requires that all assets and liabilities of IMTT be recorded at fair value including Macquarie Infrastructure Corp previous 50 % ownership .
These terrorist attacks , as well as subsequent terrorist attacks ( such as those that have occurred in Paris , France ; Benghazi ; Libya ; Madrid , Spain ; and London , England ) , attempted terrorist attacks , military responses to terrorist attacks , other military actions and/or civil unrest such as that occurring in the Ukraine , Venezuela , Syria , Iraq and surrounding areas , may adversely affect prevailing economic conditions , resulting in work stoppages , reduced consumer spending and/or reduced demand for REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's products .
The 2015 activity consisted of net $ 1.6 million of debt repaid to Street Capital , $ 0.5 million of debt repaid on Heritage Global Inc. credit facility that Heritage Global Inc. terminated in 2015 , and $ 0.5 million of contingent consideration paid to the former owner ( and current president ) of NLEX .
In connection with the issuance of the Senior Notes , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into an indenture agreement ( Indenture ) dated April 29 , 2015 , by and among us , The Bank of New York Mellon , as Trustee , and POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . subsidiaries as guarantors .
MOSAIC CO have set aside $ 630 million in restricted cash , included in other assets in MOSAIC CO Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31 , 2015 , which MOSAIC CO expect to be placed into trust funds in early 2016 to be used to fund future estimated costs of MOSAIC CO AROs related to MOSAIC CO Phosphates business as discussed under EPA RCRA Initiative in Note 20 of MOSAIC CO Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .
Thomas M. Scalera Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
In May 2017 , ESH Hospitality , Inc. sold 4 hotels , three of which were included in Renovated Extended Stay America and one of which was included in Unrenovated Extended Stay America and other as of September 30 , 2016 .
Entergy Louisiana , Entergy New Orleans , and Entergy Texas terminated participation in the System Agreement on August 31 , 2016 , which resulted in the termination of the System Agreement in its entirety pursuant to a settlement agreement approved by the FERC in December 2015 .
LDI contributed $ 6.9 million to CYBEROPTICS CORP revenue in 2015 and $ 5.3 million to CYBEROPTICS CORP revenue in 2014 .
Certification of Stephen J. Luczo , Chief Executive Officer , Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Seagate Technology plc and David H. Morton , Jr , Executive Vice President , Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Seagate Technology plc , as required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
I , Igor Gorodnitsky , Principal Executive Officer of Cavitation Technologies , Inc. ( the Company ) , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , that : .
In connection with the periodic report of ClearSign Combustion Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarterly period ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , CLEARSIGN COMBUSTION CORP , Stephen E. Pirnat , Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) and Brian G. Fike , Interim Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) of CLEARSIGN COMBUSTION CORP , hereby certify as of the date hereof , solely for purposes of Title 18 , Chapter 63 , Section 1350 of the United States Code , that to the best of CLEARSIGN COMBUSTION CORP knowledge : .
Cash and cash equivalents and short - term investments decreased by approximately $ 5.2 million as of December 31 , 2015 , as compared to June 30 , 2015 , due to funding ASTROTECH Corp normal operating activities .
Short - term Borrowings IBERIABANK CORP may obtain advances from the FHLB of Dallas based upon its ownership of FHLB stock and certain pledges of its real estate loans and investment securities , provided certain standards related to IBERIABANK CORP s creditworthiness have been met .
LENNOX INTERNATIONAL INC , as the Borrower By : /s/ Richard A. Pelini _ _ _ _ _ _ Rick Pelini , Vice President and Treasurer JPMORGAN CHASE BANK , N. A. individually as a Lender and as the Administrative Agent By : / s/ Gregory T. Martin Gregory T. Martin , Executive Director as a Lender By : / s/ Allison W. Connally Name : Allison W. Connally Title : Senior Vice President .
Mr. Fogt has been CEO of eWellness Corporation since May 2013 .
In December 2015 , Seagate Technology plc effectively settled all disputed issues with the IRS associated with
Mr. Dewan F.H. Chowdhury , who is Nemaura Medical Inc. Chief Executive Officer and Mr Iain S. Anderson , who is Nemaura Medical Inc. Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , have evaluated the effectiveness of Nemaura Medical Inc. disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10 - K. The term " disclosure controls and procedures , " as defined in Rules 13a-15(e ) and 15d-15(e ) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ( the " Exchange Act " ) , means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded , processed , summarized and reported , within the time periods specified in the SEC 's rules and forms .
On March 23 , 2010 , President Obama signed into law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act ( collectively , PPACA ) , which includes a number of health care reform provisions and requires most U.S. citizens to have health insurance .
Credit Agreement , dated as of October 8 , 2010 , as amended , among Idaho Wind Partners 1 , LLC and The Bank of Tokyo - Mitsubishi UFJ , LTD , as administrative agent , ING Capital LLC , as DSR Letter of Credit issuing bank , Norddeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale , as joint lead arranger , Union Bank , N.A , as collateral agent , and the lender parties thereto .
Mr. Tanner previously served as Chief Executive Officer at Zarlink Semiconductor , Inc. ( Zarlink ) , from May 2011 to October 2011 , when Zarlink was acquired by Microsemi Corporation in October 2011 .
For the years ended April 30 , 2017 and 2016 , the aggregate fees billed by Fruci Associates II , PLLC , Wishbone Pet Products Inc. current principal accountant ( for fiscal 2017 ) and George Stewart , CPA , Wishbone Pet Products Inc. former principal accountant ( for fiscal 2016 ) , for assurance and related services by George Stewart , CPA relating to the performance of the audit of Wishbone Pet Products Inc. financial statements which are not reported under the caption Audit Fees above , were : .
Subsequent to both the Blockbuster Acquisition and the Hughes Acquisition , Blockbuster entered into a new agreement with HNS pursuant to which Blockbuster could continue to purchase broadband products and services from Hughes Satellite Systems Corp Hughes segment .
This discussion and analysis of PAVmed Inc. financial condition and results of operations is based on PAVmed Inc. financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America , or U.S. GAAP .
Federal regulators continue to implement provisions of the Dodd - Frank Act , which was signed into law by President Obama on July 21 , 2010 .
Dear Jim . am pleased to offer you the full - time position of President and CFO with Marrone Bio Innovations , Inc. ( the Company ) , reporting to Pam Marrone , CEO .
As a part of the consideration for the CherryBerry Acquisition , U - Swirl agreed to issue an aggregate of 4,000,000 shares of U - Swirl common stock ( the CB Shares ) to the CherryBerry Selling Parties , which were subject to a one - year lock - up agreement .
The principal locations are San Diego , CA and Foster City , CA , which are related to HGP s operations , and Edwardsville , IL , which is related to NLEX s operations .
The consolidated balance sheet as of June 30 , 2015 was derived from the audited consolidated financial statements included in AOXING PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY , INC . 's Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year 2015 .
* By Mark K. Hardwick as Attorney - in Fact pursuant to a Limited Power of Attorney executed by the directors listed above , which Power of Attorney is being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit hereto .
Essent Group Ltd. operate additional underwriting and service centers in Winston - Salem , North Carolina and Irvine , California .
In recognition of the spin - off , COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS INC recorded a non - cash dividend of approximately $ 713 million during the year ended December 31 , 2016 , representing the net assets of QHC distributed to COMMUNITY HEALTH SYSTEMS INC s stockholders .
Marc Grondahl has served on Planet Fitness , Inc. board of directors since November 2012 .
Todd C. Boeve , an officer of Midwest , is Secretary and a member of the Board of Directors of Pacific Northwest and owns 25,000 shares of capital stock of Pacific Northwest .
Carlyle Group L.P. equity interest in NGP previously entitled us to an allocation of income equal to 47.5 % , which increased to 55 % in January 2015 , of the management fee - related revenues of the NGP entities that serve as advisors to the NGP management fee funds .
( 1 ) On April 7 , 2008 , SkyPeople Fruit Juice , Inc s Board of Directors appointed Mr. Guolin Wang as a member of the Board of Directors and a member of both the audit committee and compensation committee .
SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO discuss the 2014 formation of the Cameron LNG JV , including the contribution of SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO share of equity to the joint venture through the contribution of the Cameron LNG , LLC regasification terminal in Hackberry , Louisiana , in Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .
In connection with IBG , Inc. 's initial public offering of Class A common stock ( " IPO " ) in May 2007 , it purchased 10.0 % of the membership interests in IBG LLC from IBG Holdings LLC ( " Holdings " ) , became the sole managing member of IBG LLC and began to consolidate IBG LLC 's financial results into its financial statements .
The chapter 11 cases commenced by the Debtors filing voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court Bankruptcy Code United States Bankruptcy Code Bankruptcy Court United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware Debt Facilities Revolving Credit Facility , Term Loan Facility and Senior Notes , collectively Debtors Paragon Offshore plc and the following subsidiaries : Paragon Offshore Finance Company , Paragon International Finance Company , Paragon Offshore Holdings US Inc , Paragon Offshore Drilling LLC , Paragon FDR Holdings Ltd , Paragon Duchess Ltd , Paragon Offshore ( Luxembourg ) S. r.l , PGN Offshore Drilling ( Malaysia ) Sdn .
From 1991 to 1994 , Mr. Corcoran served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of the general partner of the partnerships that were merged into FelCor Lodging LP at its formation .
Although Essent Group Ltd. did not participate in the practices that were the subject of the CFPB investigation , the private mortgage insurance industry and Essent Group Ltd. insurance subsidiaries are , and likely will continue to be , subject to substantial Federal and state regulation , which has increased in recent years as a result of the deterioration of the housing and mortgage markets in the United States .
In January 2017 , REA Group acquired an approximate 15 % interest in Elara Technologies Pte . Ltd , a leading online real estate services provider in India ( Elara ) , for $ 50 million .
Mr. Berkowitz serves as the Chief Investment Officer of Fairholme Capital Management , LLC , an investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission   , and is the President and a Director of Fairholme Funds , Inc , a SEC - registered investment company providing investment management services to three mutual funds   .
Emo Capital Corp. is located and operating outside of the United States of America .
On September 3 , 2015 , EMAGIN CORP entered into an At the Market Offering Agreement ( the agreement ) with Craig - Hallum Capital Group LLC , as sales agent ( Craig - Hallum ) , pursuant to which EMAGIN CORP may offer and sell , from time to time through Craig - Hallum , shares of its common stock ( the shares ) , having an aggregate offering price of up to $ 4,500,000 .
Mr. Balagna joined SEARS HOLDINGS CORP as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer in May 2013 and currently serves as Executive Vice President of the Company .
The Plan is an unfunded non - qualified supplemental retirement plan for Mr. Gardner , PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP INC CEO , and Mr. Wilcox , PACIFIC PREMIER BANCORP INC Bank President and Chief Banking Officer .
The consolidated financial statements include NorthWest Indiana Bancorp ( the Bancorp ) , its wholly owned subsidiary , Peoples Bank SB ( the Bank ) , and the Bank s wholly owned subsidiaries , Peoples Service Corporation , NWIN , LLC , and NWIN Funding , Incorporated , and Columbia Development Company , LLC .
Bridge operated a restaurant known as STK located on La Cienega Boulevard in Los Angeles , California .
LSB Funding s rights to designate any directors will terminate when LSB Funding and its affiliates collectively cease to beneficially own at least 10 % of LSB INDUSTRIES INC common stock issued pursuant to the Warrants ( whether owned directly or as a right to acquire upon exercise of the Warrants ) .
For example , in connection with the most recent downturn in the U.S. housing market , Taylor Morrison Home Corp incurred substantial losses , after impairments , in Taylor Morrison Home Corp U.S. operations during 2008 and 2009 .
Dear Jonathan : This letter ( this letter agreement ) sets forth TYME TECHNOLOGIES , INC . agreement with respect to your employment with Tyme Technologies , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( the Company , TYME TECHNOLOGIES , INC . or us as applicable ) .
A trust controlled by Mr. Lloyd McAdams , ANWORTH MORTGAGE ASSET CORP Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , and Ms. Heather U. Baines , an Executive Vice President of ANWORTH MORTGAGE ASSET CORP Manager , beneficially owns 50 % of the outstanding membership interests of ANWORTH MORTGAGE ASSET CORP Manager ; Mr. Joseph E. McAdams , ANWORTH MORTGAGE ASSET CORP President and the Chief Investment Officer of ANWORTH MORTGAGE ASSET CORP Manager , beneficially owns 45 % of the outstanding membership interests of ANWORTH MORTGAGE ASSET CORP Manager ; and Mr. Thad M. Brown , ANWORTH MORTGAGE ASSET CORP former Chief Financial Officer , beneficially owns 5 % of the outstanding membership interests of ANWORTH MORTGAGE ASSET CORP Manager .
Under the terms of this agreement , Ms. Ireland serves in the non - executive positions as Level Brands , Inc. Chairman Emeritus and Chief Brand Strategist .
CHEROKEE INC revenues totaled $ 11.0 million and $ 36.1 million in the three and nine month periods ended October 28 , 2017 , respectively , as compared to $ 6.5 million and $ 25.6 million in the three and nine month periods ended October 29 , 2016 , respectively .
In the opinion of MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC . s management , all adjustments ( consisting of normal recurring adjustments and reclassifications and non - recurring adjustments ) necessary to present fairly MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC . results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2014 and 2013 , MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC . cash flows for the nine months ended September 30 , 2014 and 2013 and MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC . financial position as of September 30 , 2014 have been made .
From 1981 to 2005 , Ms. Smith was employed by Alcoa Inc , a producer of primary aluminum , fabricated aluminum and alumina , where she held various financial leadership positions , including Vice President of Finance for Alcoa 's Aerospace , Automotive Commercial Transportation Group , Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Alcoa Fujikura Ltd. and Director of Internal Audit .
Steadfast Apartment REIT , Inc. board of directors has determined that G. Brian Christie , Thomas H. Purcell and Kerry D. Vandell each satisfies the bright - line criteria and that none has a relationship with us that would interfere with such person s ability to exercise independent judgment as a member of Steadfast Apartment REIT , Inc. board of directors .
Mr. Joseph R. Cavatoni , the Principal Executive Officer of the Sponsor , will serve as interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Sponsor , effective at the same time as Ms. McDonald s resignation as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer .
Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc. operates primarily in the United States .
( 2 ) This amount reflects base salary compensation received by Mr. Dell Orto from Hilton in relation to his role as Senior Vice President , Treasurer of Hilton during 2016 .
Sunoco LP also operate convenience retail stores across more than 20 states , primarily in Texas , Pennsylvania , New York , Virginia , Florida , and Hawaii .
In April 2014 , one of Taylor Morrison Home Corp subsidiaries formed a joint venture , Marblehead Development Partners LLC ( MDP ) , with affiliates of Oaktree and TPG to acquire and develop Marblehead , a coastal residential development in San Clemente , California .
WL Ross Holding Corp. operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and , in particular , Mr. Ross and WL Ross Holding Corp. other executive officers and directors .
YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . subsidiaries and VIE are generally subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign investments in China and , in particular , laws applicable to foreign invested entities established in the PRC ( FIEs ) .
Mr. Loughlin is the chairman of InspireMD , Inc. audit committee and qualifies as a financial expert , as defined in Item 407(d)(5)(ii ) of Regulation S - K.
In 2004 , Mr. Narachi retired as an officer and Vice President of Amgen Inc , a leading therapeutics company , where he served as General Manager of Amgen s Anemia Business from 1999 to 2003 .
Consulting Contract between Prof. Dr. Arne Skerra and PIERIS PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . In 2001 , PIERIS PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . entered into a Consulting Agreement with Prof. Dr. Skerra , pursuant to which Prof. Dr. Skerra provides advice regarding the use of new proteins , in particular Anticalin proteins and antibodies , for the purpose of research and development .
The following table sets forth the results of SWIFT ENERGY CO drilling activities during the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 : .
Effective as of January 1 , 2015 , Bellerophon Therapeutics , Inc. entered into a services agreement with Ikaria , or the 2015 Services Agreement , pursuant to which Bellerophon Therapeutics , Inc. had agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to provide certain services to Ikaria , including services related to regulatory matters , drug and device safety , clinical operations , biometrics and scientific .
In addition , Brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations as the United Kingdom determines which European Union laws to replace or replicate , including laws that could impact VITAL THERAPIES INC clinical trials and VITAL THERAPIES INC ability to obtain approval of VITAL THERAPIES INC products or sell VITAL THERAPIES INC products in the United Kingdom .
In January 2015 , the FASB issued ASU 2015 - 01 , Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items - Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items , which is included in the ASC in Topic 225 .
In addition to the initial franchise fee , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . generally pays BKC a monthly royalty at a rate of 4.5 % of sales .
In November 2012 , INSTRUCTURE INC entered into a loan and security agreement with a financial institution , or the credit facility , allowing us to incur revolver borrowings of up to $ 7.0 million , or such lesser amount equal to a percentage of INSTRUCTURE INC monthly contracted recurring revenue .
Of the Master Fund s executive officers , Kevin Robinson , Senior Vice President , and Dina DiLorenzo , Senior Vice President , also serve as executive officers of Guggenheim .
CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . franchise agreements with BKC generally require , among other things , that all restaurants comply with specified design criteria and operate in a prescribed manner , including utilization of the standard Burger King menu .
In August 2014 , US ENERGY CORP entered into an agreement with Anfield Resources Inc. ( Anfield ) whereby if Anfield was successful in acquiring the property from Uranium One , Anfield would be released from the future payment obligations stemming from the 2007 sale to Uranium One .
On January 12 , 2016 , a purported stockholder of Esperion Therapeutics , Inc. company filed a putative class action lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan , against us and Tim Mayleben , captioned Kevin L. Dougherty v. Esperion Therapeutics , Inc , et al .
Upon the transaction forming Atlas on December 31 , 2010 , a yearly limitation as required by U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ( as amended , IRC ) Section 382 that applies to changes in ownership on the future utilization of Atlas net operating loss carryforwards was calculated .
Stellar Biotechnologies , Inc. named executive officers for 2017 were Frank R. Oakes , Chief Executive Officer , President and Executive Chairman of Stellar Biotechnologies , Inc. Board of Directors ; Kathi Niffenegger , CPA , Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary ; and Gregory T. Baxter , Ph . D , Stellar Biotechnologies ,
the terms and conditions on which COTT CORP /CN/ are offering you employment with S. D. Coffee , Inc. ( the Company ) , a subsidiary of Cott Corporation ( Cott ) , in the position of Chief Executive Officer of the Company .
By : PLAINS GP LLC , its general partner Name : /s/ Willie Chiang _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ By : Willie Chiang Title : Executive Vice President and COO ( US ) .
In the longer term , ATHERSYS , INC / NEW will make use of available cash , but will have to continue to generate additional capital to meet ATHERSYS , INC / NEW needs through new and existing collaborations and related milestones , grant - funding opportunities , deferring certain discretionary costs and staging certain development costs , as needed , and the sale of equity securities from time to time , including through ATHERSYS , INC / NEW equity purchase agreement with Aspire Capital Fund LLC ( Aspire Capital ) .
Attn : Alex Walsh , CEO If to the Buyer : LG CAPITAL FUNDING , LLC 1218 Union Street , Suite # 2 Brooklyn , NY 11225
In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10 - Q of PPL Electric Utilities Corporation ( the " Company " ) for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Covered Report " ) , PPL ELECTRIC UTILITIES CORP , Gregory N. Dudkin , the Principal Executive Officer of PPL ELECTRIC UTILITIES CORP , and Marlene C. Beers , the Principal Financial Officer of PPL ELECTRIC UTILITIES CORP , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , hereby certify that : .
In addition , if INSTRUCTURE INC obtained net cash proceeds of at least $ 10.0 million from the sale of INSTRUCTURE INC equity securities , then the credit facility provided that the aggregate available borrowings would increase to $ 7.0 million , or such lesser amount equal to a percentage of INSTRUCTURE INC monthly contracted recurring revenue .
Peer Group was comprised of : Bruker Corporation , C.R. Bard , Inc , The Cooper Companies , Inc , Dentsply Sirona Inc , Edwards Lifesciences Corporation , Halyard Health , Inc , Hologic , Inc , Intuitive Surgical , Inc , Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings , Mednax , Inc , Patterson Companies , Inc , PerkinElmer , Inc , Quest Diagnostics Incorporated , St. Jude Medical , Inc , Steris plc , Teleflex , Incorporated , Varian Medical Systems , Inc. and Waters Corporation .
In July 2013 , U.S. banking regulatory agencies , including the FRB , approved a final rule to implement the revised capital adequacy standards of the Basel Committee , or Basel III , and to address relevant provisions of the Dodd - Frank Act .
Kinetic Group Inc , a Nevada corporation , was formed under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 6 , 2014 .
The amended complaint also named Jon W. Kimmins , TAILORED BRANDS INC 's former Chief Financial Officer , and Mary Beth Blake , TAILORED BRANDS INC 's current Brand President , Jos . A. Bank , as additional named defendants .
Opko Health , Inc. operate established pharmaceutical platforms in Ireland , Chile , Spain , and Mexico , which are generating revenue and which Opko Health , Inc. expect to facilitate future market entry for Opko Health , Inc. products currently in development .
Certification of Stephen J. Luczo , Chief Executive Officer , Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Seagate Technology plc , as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
Mr. Brautigan has served as President , Merchandising , Ross Dress for Less since March 2016 with responsibility for the Ladies and Children s apparel businesses , Shoes , and Accessories .
In January 2011 and April 2012 , Medley entered into administration agreements with MCC ( the MCC Admin Agreement ) and SIC ( the SIC Admin Agreement ) , respectively , whereby Medley agreed to provide administrative services necessary for the operations of MCC and SIC .
Prior to that , Mr. Covino served at Boston Scientific Corporation , a medical device company , as Vice President , Corporate Analysis and Control since March 2010 , having responsibility for BIOGEN INC . 's internal audit function , and as Vice President , Finance , International from February 2008 to March 2010 , having responsibility for the financial activities of BIOGEN INC . 's international division .
Other income ( expense ) , net decreased $ 18 million , or 32.7 % , in 2014 as compared to the prior year primarily due to an $ 8 million decrease in wholesale operating fee revenues at Georgia Power and $ 7 million associated with Mississippi Power 's settlement with the Sierra Club .
Cardinal also operates George Mason Mortgage , LLC , a residential mortgage lending company based in Fairfax , Virginia with offices located in Virginia , Maryland and the District of Columbia ; and Cardinal Wealth Services Inc. Table of Contents .
In April 2015 , in connection with his commencement of service as SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC Chief Financial Officer , the Compensation Committee granted Mr. Reich 500,000 stock options that vest ratably over a 5 year period based on continuous service and Company performance .
Ernest E. Maddock Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer . mu-20171130.xml .
HSBC Finance Corp conduct or support HSBC Finance Corp operations from additional facilities in Brandon , Florida ; Elmhurst , Illinois ; and Monterey , California .
Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the period ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , I , Nick Swenson , Chief Executive Officer , and Candice Otey , Chief Financial Officer of AIR T INC , each certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Since Ms. Brown is an executive officer who is subject to GCP Applied Technologies Inc. stock ownership guidelines , the PBUs are payable in shares of Grace common stock .
If CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT estimates are not accurate , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT will be required to make an adjustment in a future period .
For the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , the difference between Rubicon Technology , Inc. effective tax rate of 0.7 % and the U.S. federal 35 % statutory rate and state 6.2 % ( net of federal benefit ) statutory rate was primarily related to U.S. and Malaysia valuation allowances , Malaysia foreign tax rate differential and Malaysia withholding taxes .
In addition , Corporate Services provides a variety of management , financial , legal , information technology , treasury and administration services to each of SunOpta Inc. operating segments from SunOpta Inc. headquarters in Mississauga , Ontario and SunOpta Inc. administrative office Edina , Minnesota .
Advanced Emissions Solutions , Inc. s investment in Tinuum Services as of March 31 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 was $ 3.1 million and $ 4.0 million , respectively .
As an avid believer in giving back to the community , Mr. Hunt and his wife Resa also serve on the board of directors for the Dream Center Foundation .
summary of Medovex Corp. s warrant issuance activity and related information for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 is as follows : .
Before participating in this Company , Mr. Jin was responsible for administration and general management in several food companies in Shanghai and Zhejiang , China .
, the board of directors of Liberty Interactive Corporation , CommerceHub , Inc. former parent company ( " Liberty " or " Parent " ) , authorized a plan to distribute to the holders of Liberty 's Series A and Series B Liberty Ventures common stock , shares of CommerceHub ( the " Spin - Off " ) .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Franklin Wireless Corp. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the three and nine months ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , OC Kim , President of FRANKLIN WIRELESS CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to ss . 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to my knowledge : .
Until May 31 , 2007 , Mr. Parrett served as the Chief Executive Officer of Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu .
the Manager s affiliation with the Macquarie Group or equity market sentiment , which may affect the market price of Macquarie Infrastructure Corp shares ; .
AQUA AMERICA INC most significant transactions to date have been the merger with Consumers Water Company in 1999 , the acquisition of the regulated water and wastewater operations of AquaSource , Inc. in 2003 , the acquisition of Heater Utilities , Inc. in 2004 , and the acquisition of American Water Works Company , Inc. s regulated operations in Ohio in 2012 .
Employer Contributions For the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , EMCOR GROUP INC United Kingdom subsidiary contributed approximately $ 1.1 million to the UK Plan and anticipates contributing an additional $ 3.4 million during the remainder of 2017 .
In connection with the quarterly report of Chase General Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , the undersigned , Barry M. Yantis , as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of CHASE GENERAL CORP , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to my knowledge : .
As a consequence of these redemption transactions , and distribution of shares to employees ( see Note 11 ) , IBG , Inc. 's interest in IBG LLC has increased to approximately 15.7 % , with Holdings owning the remaining 84.3 % as of December 31 , 2015 .
Moreover , increasing efforts by governmental and third -party payors in the United States and abroad to limit or reduce healthcare costs may result in restrictions on coverage and the level of reimbursement for new products and , as a result , they may not cover or provide adequate payment for Eiger BioPharmaceuticals , Inc. products .
During 2015 , CYBEROPTICS CORP sold additional 3D MRS sensors to KLA - Tencor under CYBEROPTICS CORP long - term supply agreement .
significant changes in CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT credit rating or the market price of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT common stock ; .
From October 2005 to August 2009 , Mr. Sloan served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Metro - Goldwyn - Mayer , Inc , and was its Chairman until January 2011 .
Although Taylor Morrison Home Corp recorded no inventory impairments from 2011 through 2015 , if material write - downs and impairments in the value of Taylor Morrison Home Corp inventory are required , and if in the future Taylor Morrison Home Corp are required to sell land or homes at a loss , Taylor Morrison Home Corp results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected .
From November 2003 to February 2005 , Ms. Yin was employed by Marathon Oil Company where she was responsible for evaluating reserves and field development of various fields in Oklahoma .
On August 1 , 2013 , U.S. President Obama issued an executive order addressing the safety and security of chemical facilities in response to recent incidents involving chemicals such as the April 2013 explosion at West , Texas .
As of December 31 , 2015 , LinnCo had no significant assets or operations other than those related to its interest in LINN Energy .
In the event that funds from VERISIGN INC / CA foreign operations are needed in the U.S. for any purpose , VERISIGN INC / CA would be required to accrue and pay additional U.S. taxes in order to repatriate those funds , which could be significant .
Mr. Chan currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Singapore eDevelopment Limited ( SED ) , a publicly traded company on the Singapore Stock Exchange .
Pursuant to Section 10.11 of this Agreement , I , Daniel Bober , Executive Vice President of Commercial Mortgage Services do hereby certify that : .
Prior to June 28 , 2013 , Morgan Stanley indirectly owned a majority equity interest and Citigroup Inc. indirectly owned a minority equity interest in MSSBH .
Other In the ordinary course of business , GoDaddy Inc. purchase and lease computer equipment , technology licensing and software maintenance and support from affiliates of Dell Inc. ( Dell ) of which Silver Lake and its affiliates have a significant ownership interest .
In addition to Hughes Satellite Systems Corp 44.0 % ownership in Hughes Systique , Mr. Pradman Kaul , the President of Hughes Communications , Inc. and a member of EchoStar s board of directors and his brother , who is the CEO and President of Hughes Systique , in the aggregate , owned approximately 25.8 % , on an undiluted basis , of Hughes Systique s outstanding shares as of December 31 , 2015 .
Compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to MARCHEX INC international operations increases MARCHEX INC cost of doing business in international jurisdictions and could interfere with MARCHEX INC ability to offer MARCHEX INC products and services to one or more countries or expose us or MARCHEX INC employees to fines and penalties .
Unfavorably impacting HARTE HANKS INC benefit is nondeductible goodwill associated with HARTE HANKS INC impairment loss , nondeductible basis on the sale of operations , and foreign tax credit limitations on the dividends paid from foreign subsidiaries , the impact of which was $ 36.7 million , $ 0.7 million , and $ 0.6 million , respectively .
Local currencies generally are considered the functional currencies of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC operations and investments outside the United States .
As the U.S. congress and state governments determine how to implement the PPACA , the full impact of the PPACA on the medical device industry and the sale of INTUITIVE SURGICAL INC products is currently unknown .
Stock Options HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA is authorized to grant stock options under its incentive compensation plan in which the purchase price of the stock subject to each option is established as the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange of HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA s common stock on the date of grant and accordingly is not less than the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant .
On March 11 , 2015 , Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. acquired Anchor Holdings Group , Inc. ( " Anchor Holdings " ) , a privately owned insurance holding company , and its wholly owned subsidiary , Global Liberty Insurance Company of New York ( " Global Liberty " ) , along with its affiliated entities , Anchor Group Management ( " Anchor Management " ) , Plainview Premium Finance Company , Inc.
In connection with the amendment , Castle Brands Inc. and CB - USA entered into the following ancillary agreements :   a Reaffirmation Agreement with   certain officers of Castle Brands Inc. and CB - USA , including John Glover , Castle Brands Inc s Chief Operating Officer , T. Kelley Spillane , Castle Brands Inc s Senior Vice President - Global Sales , and Alfred Small , Castle Brands Inc s Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Secretary ,   certain participants in the Bourbon Term Loan and   certain junior lenders to Castle Brands Inc , including Frost Gamma Investments Trust , an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost , M.D , a director and principal shareholder of Castle Brands Inc , Mark E. Andrews , III , a director of Castle Brands Inc and Castle Brands Inc s Chairman , an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen , a director of the Company and Castle Brands Inc s President and Chief Executive Officer , an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn , a director of Castle Brands Inc , Dennis Scholl , a former director of Castle Brands Inc , and Vector Group Ltd , a more than 5 % shareholder of Castle Brands Inc , of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer , Henry Beinstein , a director of Castle Brands Inc , is a director and Phillip Frost M.D. is a principal shareholder , which , among other things , reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer , Castle Brands Inc , CB - USA and ACF , as successor - in - interest to Keltic ;   an Amended and Restated Term Note ; and   an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note .
( a ) ORGANIZATION AND OPERATIONS CTD HOLDINGS INC was incorporated in August 1990 , as a Florida corporation with operations beginning in July 1992 .
As President of the Consumer and Film Division , Overman leads Kodak s most consumer - facing division , with responsibility for consumer inkjet solutions , motion picture and commercial films , synthetic chemicals , and consumer products .
Under the second tax receivable agreement , Planet Fitness , Inc. generally is required to pay to the Direct TSG Investors 85 % of the amount of tax savings , if any , that Planet Fitness , Inc. is deemed to realize as a result of the tax attributes of the Holdings Units held in respect of the Direct TSG Investors interest in Planet Fitness , Inc , which resulted from the Direct TSG Investors purchase of interests in Pla - Fit Holdings in 2012 , and certain other tax benefits .
Macquarie Infrastructure Corp file a consolidated federal income tax return that includes the financial results for IMTT , Atlantic Aviation , BEC , Hawaii Gas and Macquarie Infrastructure Corp allocable share of the taxable income ( loss ) from Macquarie Infrastructure Corp solar and wind power facilities , which are treated as partnerships for tax purposes .
Stewart Slack serves as a director for Business First and Business First Bank .
APX Group Holdings , Inc. operations include activities in the United States and Canada .
ImmunoGen has provided to Debiopharm a complete copy of the Investigational New Drug application in the United States and the Clinical Trial Applications in EU and in Switzerland ( including all communication with FDA , AFMPS and SwissMedic pertaining to the relevant Investigational New Drug application or Clinical Trial Application , as the case may be ) has been provided to Debiopharm .
STK locations in New York and Las Vegas and ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. food and beverage operations at the ME Hotel in London represent a significant portion of ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. revenues , and any significant downturn in their business or disruption in the operation of these locations could harm ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. business , financial condition and results of operations .
I , Nicholas R. Noviello , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Symantec Corporation ( the Company ) , do hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to my knowledge : ( i ) SYMANTEC CORP s quarterly report on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 29 , 2017 , to which this Certification is attached ( the Form 10 - Q ) , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , and ( ii ) the information contained in the Form 10 - Q fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of SYMANTEC CORP . /s/
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT may sustain losses that exceed or are excluded from CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT insurance coverage or for which CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT are not insured .
As of December 31 , 2015 , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT water infrastructure consisted of 76 noncontiguous water systems in the States of Connecticut and Maine .
General . TEMIR CORP . were incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 19 , 2016 .
In addition , former Washington State Governor Christine Gregoire appointed Mr. Sladich to the board of Washington Filmworks , which manages the state incentive programs for films produced in Washington , and to the Washington State Convention Center Board of Directors .
However , recent scrutiny of the insurance and reinsurance industry in the United States and other countries could subject Essent Reinsurance Ltd. to additional regulation in the future that may make it .
Previously , Mahe was Vice President and General Manager of Asia North for CA , Inc. ( now called CA Technologies ) , with responsibility for business operations and enterprise sales in China , Hong Kong and Taiwan .
Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , as well as any cautionary language in this Form 10 - Q , provide examples of risks , uncertainties and events that may cause AWARE INC /MA/ actual results to differ materially from the expectations AWARE INC /MA/
The change in net intangible assets was also primarily due to IHS Markit Ltd. 2016 acquisition activity , partially offset by current year amortization .
On May 1 , 2015 , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp increased the aggregate commitments under its revolving credit facility from $ 250.0 million to $ 360.0 million , with all terms remaining the same , and subsequently , on August 25 , 2015 , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp increased the commitments from $ 360.0 million to $ 410.0 million , with all terms remaining the same .
Prior to the MainPointe Agreement , ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC distributed ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC Nexafed products through several regional and national drug wholesalers for redistribution to pharmacies , which included the three largest U.S. drug wholesalers : McKesson , Cardinal Health and AmerisourceBergen .
Management of UNION BANKSHARES INC believes , in its best estimate , that the ALL at June 30 , 2017 is appropriate to cover probable credit losses inherent in UNION
As of June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , the gross amount accrued for insurance claims totaled $ 238.1 million and $ 218.2 million , with $ 167.5 million and $ 162.0 million considered to be long - term and included in Insurance and other non - current liabilities .
Essent Group Ltd. common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the symbol " ESNT . "
Mr. Hance , a member of the board of directors of Carlyle Group L.P. general partner , is an Operating Executive of Carlyle and received , for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , an operating executive fee in respect of his service in such capacity of $ 250,000 and , on May 1 , 2015 , a grant of 3,243 deferred restricted common units .
Alliant Energy was incorporated in Wisconsin in 1981 and maintains its principal executive offices in Madison , Wisconsin .
Mr. Joseph A. Geraci , II , Mill City Ventures III , Ltd Chief Financial Officer , and Mr. Douglas M. Polinsky , Mill City Ventures III , Ltd Chief Executive Officer , hold direct and indirect interests in the common stock of Southern Plains Resources , Inc , a company in which Mill City Ventures III , Ltd made investments in common stock in each of March and July .
As contemplated by Mr. Lewis Executive Employment Agreement , he was granted a stock appreciation right pursuant to the 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan , as amended .
CHIMERIX INC activities , and the activities of CHIMERIX INC collaborators , partners and third - party providers , are subject to extensive government regulation and oversight both in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions .
Yes Ms. Woo Ho , aged 69 , is a retired senior executive who has held top management roles at some of the largest commercial banks in America , including Wells Fargo Bank , Citibank and United Commercial Bank .
As a result , the Private Co. shareholders own approximately 76.97 % of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp issued and outstanding common stock , after giving effect to CEO Stock Actions .
Hatteras Financial Corp ability to acquire MSR and successfully operate Hatteras Financial Corp seller - servicer subsidiary and oversee Hatteras Financial Corp subservicers ; and .
If the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Singapore dollar were to remain unchanged over the next twelve months , CYBEROPTICS CORP would realize this pre - tax loss through CYBEROPTICS CORP consolidated statement of operations .
PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP operates primarily in the industry segment of finance and leasing services provided to customers and dealers in the United States for new Kenworth and Peterbilt trucks , used trucks , truck trailers and allied equipment .
During the three months ended June 30 , 2015 , Medovex Corp. determined that approximately $ 344,000 of legal expenses paid as part of the Streamline acquisition agreement were incorrectly capitalized .
In connection with the Annual Report of CytoSorbents Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Dr. Phillip P. Chan , President and Chief Executive Officer of Cytosorbents Corp , certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Columbus Project On February 20 , 2008 , IRELAND INC . acquired a 100 % interest in the Columbus Project by way of merger with Columbus Brine Inc. ( CBI ) .
Since the consummation of the Asset Purchase Agreement on January 31 , 2014 ( see Note 1 of the financial statements for details of the transaction ) , MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC . have been refocusing MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC . s business plan and strategy to develop and monetize the intellectual property assets MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC . purchased from MDS .
LUMIOX , INC . s financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business .
In addition , USCF pays BBH Co. an asset - based charge of : ( a ) 0.06 % for the first $ 500 million of the Related Public Funds combined net assets , ( b ) 0.0465 % for the Related Public Funds combined net assets greater than $ 500 million but less than $ 1 billion , and ( c ) 0.035 % once the Related Public Funds combined net assets exceed $ 1 billion .
Sientra , Inc , or Sientra , Inc , was incorporated in the State of Delaware on August 29 , 2003 under the name Juliet Medical , Inc. and subsequently changed its name to Sientra , Inc. in April 2007 .
Comparison of the Years Ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 The following table summarizes Tokai Pharmaceuticals Inc results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 : .
John Hofmeister , a then current member of the Board of Directors , succeeded Dr. Lawal as the Chairman of the Board of Directors , and Babatunde ( Segun ) Omidele , Erin Energy Corp. 's then Chief Operating Officer , succeeded Dr. Lawal as the Chief Executive Officer .
Each director is currently a director of Tidelands Bank and has been a director of TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC since its formation in 2002 , except for John W. Gandy and Mary V. Propes who began serving as directors of Tidelands Bank and TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC in 2007 , and Thomas H. Lyles who began serving as a director of Tidelands Bank and TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC .
Grace does not currently hold a sufficient amount of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. s common stock to be deemed a related party .
Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. have the right to terminate each Glenborough Property Management Agreement upon 30 days written notice to Glenborough for cause .
Christopher Pay is also the CEO of Mobile Lads .
In addition , AECOM provide program and facilities management and maintenance , training , logistics , consulting , technical assistance , and systems integration and information technology services , primarily for agencies of the U.S. government and also for national governments around the world .
From October 1980 through January 1984 , Mr. Martin served as a Senior Consultant Management Information Consulting Division at Arthur Andersen Co , an accounting firm , where his responsibilities included programming and programming supervisory roles at large governmental agencies .
For example , in 2007 , INTEVAC INC acquired certain assets of DeltaNu , LLC and certain assets of Creative Display Systems , LLC , in 2008 INTEVAC INC acquired certain assets of OC Oerlikon Balzers Ltd , in 2010 INTEVAC INC acquired the outstanding shares of SIT , in 2012 INTEVAC INC completed the sale of certain semiconductor mainframe technology assets and in 2013 INTEVAC INC completed the sale of the assets of DeltaNu .
In November 2016 , ASTA FUNDING INC formed Simia , a 100 % owned subsidiary .
At March 31 , 2017 , Prestige Brands Holdings , Inc. had $ 82.6 million of borrowing capacity available under the 2012 ABL Revolver to support Prestige Brands Holdings , Inc. operating activities .
Recent estimates from industry analysts , ACT Research Company ( ACT ) and FTR Associates ( FTR ) , forecast trailer demand for 2017 and beyond to remain healthy .
The Carlyle Holdings partnership units shown in the table above for the named executive officers and directors include the following units held for the benefit of family members with respect to which such person disclaims beneficial ownership : Mr. D Aniello 285,714 units held in a trust for which Mr. D Aniello is the investment trustee and Mr. Youngkin 142,857 units held in a trust for which Mr. Youngkin is the investment trustee .
Exhibit 10.2 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 10 - Q filed November 9 , 2015 .
Telesat Canada operates that satellite under authority granted to it by the government of Canada .
Noncontrolling Interest in PBFX PBF LLC holds a 44.1 % limited partner interest in PBFX and owns all of PBFX s IDRs , with the remaining 55.9 % limited partner interest owned by public common unit holders as of September 30 , 2017 .
As of March 31 , 2017 , New Mountain Finance Corp investment in Transtar had an aggregate cost basis of $ 31.2 million , an aggregate fair value of $ 3.6 million and total unearned interest income of approximately $ 1.8 million for the three months then ended .
From 2008 through 2010 , Mr. Spitzer served as an assistant district attorney in the Orange County California District Attorney s Office .
Fulgent Genetics , Inc. gross profit decreased $ 633,000 , from $ 2.9 million in the three months ended September 30 , 2016 to $ 2.2 million in the three months ended September 30 , 2017 , and increased $ 879,000 , from $ 7.6 million in the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 to $ 8.4 million in the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 .
In September 2014 , CareDx , Inc. entered into a settlement and mutual release agreement with Roche whereby : ( i ) for the period beginning July 1 , 2011 through June 30 , 2014 , CareDx , Inc. agreed to pay the amount of $ 2,827,220 in settlement of past royalties due ; ( ii ) for the period beginning July 1 , 2014 through September 30 , 2014 , CareDx , Inc. agreed to pay royalties based on the same combination services percentage used to determine the past royalties due ; ( iii ) for the period beginning October 1 , 2014 through September 30 , 2017 , Roche and CareDx , Inc. agreed to a downward adjustment of the combination services percentage used to determine the portion of the AlloMap testing revenue that is royalty bearing under the terms of the license ; ( iv ) CareDx , Inc. agreed to report and pay quarterly royalties within 45 days of the end of each calendar quarter ; ( v ) Roche agreed that , subject to CareDx , Inc. s timely payment of all applicable royalties through such date , no further royalties will be payable by CareDx , Inc. for periods after September 30 , 2017 ; ( vi ) CareDx , Inc. and Roche agreed to mutually release all claims under the license agreement through the settlement date ; and ( vii )
As a result of the April 2017 equity financing and the availability of additional debt financing under the Loan and Security Agreement , Cytosorbents Corp believe Cytosorbents Corp have sufficient liquidity to fund Cytosorbents Corp operations into the second half of 2018 ; however , Cytosorbents Corp may need to raise additional capital to fully fund pivotal trials in the United States and/or Germany .
In exchange for the consideration , Q BioMed Inc. agreed to , upon reaching various milestones , issue to BNI an aggregate of 110,000 shares of common stock that are subject to restriction from trading until commercialization of the product ( approximately 12 months ) and subsequent leak - out conditions , and pay to BNI the total cash payment of $ 850,000 in cash , of which Q BioMed Inc. had paid approximately $ 155,000 as of February 28 , 2017 .
On October 19 , 2016 , NRG , along with other companies , filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York , challenging the validity of the NYSPSC action and the ZEC program .
Upon AHGP 's receipt of the contribution , it contributed the same to its subsidiary MGP , ALLIANCE RESOURCE PARTNERS LP managing general partner , which in turn contributed the same to ALLIANCE RESOURCE PARTNERS LP subsidiary , Alliance Coal .
On May 16 , 2017 , CROWN CRAFTS INC entered into an agreement ( the First Agreement ) with JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A. ( Chase ) wherein CROWN CRAFTS INC had the right to sell , and Chase had the obligation to purchase , certain claims that could arise if accounts receivable amounts owed by Toys R Us - Delaware , Inc.
In addition , each of Mr. Berman , Fifth Street Finance Corp. s Chief Executive Officer , Mr. Steven Noreika , Fifth Street Finance Corp. s Chief Financial Officer , and Ms. Kerry Acocella , Fifth Street Finance Corp. s Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer , is expected to resign from his or her respective roles as officers of Fifth Street Finance Corp. effective upon closing of the Transaction .
BeiGene , Ltd. are incorporated in the Cayman Islands and currently conduct substantially all of BeiGene , Ltd. operations outside the United States through BeiGene , Ltd. subsidiaries .
The following table summarizes Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc. operating results on a consolidated basis and separately for each of the two operating segments , namely , gaming operations and social gaming for the three - month periods ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 .
From 1998 until 2007 , Dr. Robertson was Dean of Emory University s Goizueta Business School and , from 1994 until 1998 , he was the Sainsbury Professor at , and the Chair of Marketing and Deputy Dean of , the London Business School .
Through CONSOLIDATED WATER CO LTD subsidiary , CW - Bali , CONSOLIDATED WATER CO LTD have built and presently operate a seawater reverse osmosis plant with a productive capacity of approximately 790,000 gallons per day located in Nusa Dua , one of the primary tourist areas of Bali , Indonesia .
On March 19 , 2008 , MARCUS CORP terminated the swap , at which time cash flow hedge accounting ceased .
As part of this private placement , Armistice also received warrants to purchase up to 14,285,714 shares of Cerecor Inc. common stock at an exercise price of $ 0.40 per share .
Refer to the segment information which follows for a discussion of the significant factors and trends affecting BASSETT FURNITURE INDUSTRIES INC results of operations for the three and six months ended May 27 , 2017 as compared with the prior year periods .
Jim Hill is the managing member and Marlin Ray Robbins is a member of NutraScoop , LLC .
Mr. Mack serves as a director of Ma ' aden Wa ' ad Al Shammal Phosphates Company and Titan Machinery , Inc , and is on the Boards of Trustees for Hamline University and Mitchell Hamline School of Law .
On January 10 , 2017 , January 27 , 2017 and February 15 , 2017 , the U.S. Northern District Court granted motions to relate the cases , all of which are now related to the Steinberg action and before the Honorable Judge Edward Chen .
In September 2013 , Cytosorbents Corp entered into a strategic partnership with Biocon , Ltd , India s largest biotech company with an initial distribution agreement for India and select emerging markets , under which Biocon will have the exclusive commercialization rights for CytoSorb initially focused on sepsis .
John P. Manning , age 68 , is co - founder , and since 1974 has been the President and Chief Executive Officer , of Boston Capital Corporation .
Founded in 1997 , NetSol is headquartered in Calabasas , California .
As part of the regulatory approval process of Macquarie Infrastructure Corp s acquisition of Hawaii Gas , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp agreed to 14 regulatory conditions from the HPUC that addresses a variety of matters .
Cytosorbents Corp success will depend to a significant degree upon the continued services of Cytosorbents Corp key management team and advisors , including , Dr. Phillip Chan , Cytosorbents Corp Chief Executive Officer ; Kathleen P. Bloch , Cytosorbents Corp Chief Financial Officer ; Vincent Capponi , Cytosorbents Corp Chief Operating Officer and Dr. Robert Bartlett , Cytosorbents Corp Chief Medical Officer , who works with us on a consulting basis .
Ominto , Inc. s wholly - owned subsidiaries are incorporated in Florida , the British Virgin Islands , Cyprus , the United Arab Emirates , India and Singapore .
Distribution Solutions segment s gross profit for the second quarter and first half of 2018 include pre - tax credits of $ 29 million and $ 3 million and for the second quarter and first half of 2017 include pre - tax credits of $ 43 million and pre - tax charges of $ 4 million related to MCKESSON CORP last - in , first - out ( LIFO ) method of accounting for inventories .
On February 19 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. issued to Mr. Rector , the former Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer and director of Orbital Tracking Corp , a seven year option to purchase 2,150,000 shares of common stock as compensation for services provided to the Company .
In connection with entering into the PHI Merger Agreement , PHI entered into a Subscription Agreement with Exelon
During 2015 , fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates adversely affected , and they may continue to adversely affect , REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's results of operations and the value of REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's foreign net assets in 2015 , which in turn could cause a material adverse effect on REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's reported net sales and earnings and the comparability of period - to - period results of operations .
Prior to joining us , Mr. Meintjes served as a consultant to Exxaro Resources Limited in South Africa , and is a former Executive Director and Board Member for Kumba Resources Limited in South Africa .
Prior to joining SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC , Ms. Clark served as General Manager , Americas of MACH Cibernet from May 2007 to January 2008 , as Vice President , Global Financial Settlement of Cibernet from March 2003 to May 2007 and as Vice President , Operations , of Cibernet when it was a subsidiary of CTIA - The Wireless Association from December 1995 to March 2003 .
Pursuant to the purchase agreement entered into in connection with November 2016 Private Placement , Neurotrope , Inc. agreed to reduce the exercise prices of certain of Neurotrope , Inc. outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock that were issued in connection with the November 2015 Private Placement .
The Audit Committee operates under a written charter , a copy of which is available on Yulong Eco - Materials Ltd website at http://www.yulongeco.com under the tabs Investor Relations Corporate Governance Audit Committee Charter , and was composed of Yulong Eco - Materials Ltd three ( 3 ) independent directors , Alice Wu , Michael Harlan and Guosheng Liu .
No . 2015 - 16 beginning on January 1 , 2016 and the adoption of the new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s results of operations , financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Orion Futures Fund L.P. ( the Partnership ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Patrick T. Egan , President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
CH2 M HILL COMPANIES LTD operate in many countries around the world , and as a result , CH2 M HILL COMPANIES LTD are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk on transactions in numerous countries , particularly with respect to CH2 M HILL COMPANIES LTD operations in the United Kingdom and Canada .
The obligations under the Note are secured by all of the assets of PAVmed Inc. and the Guarantors pursuant to the terms of a Note and Guaranty Security Agreement , dated as of June 30 , 2017 ( the Security Agreement ) .
Mr. Mack was elected Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in May 2014 .
Mr. Geraghty has served as Chairman of the Board of Idera Pharmaceuticals ( biotechnology ) since 2013 , and as a member of the board of directors of Voyager Therapeutics , Inc. ( gene therapy ) since 2014 .
Significant Items Impacting SEI INVESTMENTS CO Financial Results in 2015 Revenues increased $ 68.2 million , or five percent , to $ 1.3 billion in 2015 compared to 2014 .
As part of the Stratiform acquisition , PCM , INC . agreed to pay certain contingent earn - out consideration related to years ending December 31 , 2017 , 2018 and 2019 ( each year the measurement period ) , payable 90 days in arrears following each measurement period .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of EnviroStar , Inc. ( the Company ) for the quarter ended December 31 , 2016 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Henry M. Nahmad , Principal Executive Officer of EnviroStar , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Mr. Bryant also serves on the Board of Directors of Columbia Sportswear and McKesson Corporation .
Through March 31 , 2017 , the Partnership has sold its limited partnership interest in nine Local Partnerships , and the property and the related assets and liabilities of four Local Partnerships have been sold .
In October 2015 , Intersect ENT , Inc. entered into an agreement with Exova Group Limited , or Exova , pursuant to which Exova supplies us with analytical testing services for Intersect ENT , Inc. finished product .
Brian G. Macnamara Senior Vice President , Corporate Controller of Host Hotels Resorts , Inc , general partner of Host Hotels Resorts , L.P. ( Principal Accounting Officer and duly authorized officer ) .
Asia - Pacific net loss increased $ 1.2 million as a result of a $ .5 million decrease in operating income coupled with a decrease in other income of $ .1 million and an increase in income taxes of $ .6 million due to PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO s decision not to recognize tax benefits attributable to operating losses .
Although Cytosorbents Corp entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. in November 2015 for the offer and sale of up to an aggregate of $ 25,000,000 of shares of Cytosorbents Corp common stock , Cytosorbents Corp may need additional financing .
The obligations of Hackett under the Revolver are guaranteed by active existing and future material U.S. subsidiaries of Hackett ( the U.S. Subsidiaries ) , and are secured by substantially all of the existing and future property and assets of Hackett and the U.S. Subsidiaries , a 100 % pledge of the capital stock of the U.S. Subsidiaries , and a 66 % pledge of the capital stock of Hackett s direct foreign subsidiaries ( subject to certain exceptions ) .
Mr. Matiuk began his career at Chevron Corporation in 1967 as a production and reservoir engineer , and while with Chevron Corporation he also held the positions of Vice President of Chevron USA s Western Operations with responsibility for all onshore and off - shore operations in California , General Manager of Chevron s production operations in the United Kingdom , and Manager of Production and Drilling for all of Chevron s operations in Western Australia .
On April 13 , 2017 , the Sandoz action was dismissed pursuant to a settlement agreement .
Prior to that , Mr. Hall held positions as President and General Manager with Southland Waste Systems and Southland Waste Systems of Georgia , respectively , following six years with Browning Ferris Industries as District Manager and Regional Operations Manager .
During fiscal year 2014 , ACTIVECARE , INC . settled $ 144,030 of dividends plus $ 3,601 of accrued interest on Series F preferred stock by paying $ 73,815 in cash and issuing 184,541 shares of common stock .
On June 21 , 2017 Zander entered into an agreement ( Agreement ) with Mr. Brian Devine whereby Mr. Devine shall serve as Chairman of Zander s Business Advisory Board .
/s/ Xinmin Pan . Xinmin Pan . Chief Financial Officer .
In addition , during 2014 , IBERIABANK CORP 's subsidiary , LTC , acquired certain assets from The Title Company , LLC , a title office in Baton Rouge , Louisiana , and Louisiana Abstract and Title , LLC , a title office in Shreveport , Louisiana .
For the three months ended October 31 , 2017 and 2016 , SPLUNK INC total revenues were $ 328.7 million and $ 244.8 million , respectively .
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of four directors , Michael E. Fiore , P.E. ( Chairman ) , W. Rand Cook , William G. Cox and Jay T. Thompson , III , all of whom meet the independence requirements of NASDAQ .
Also pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement , the following individuals were appointed as eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp directors , effective immediately after the close of the Share Exchange : Douglas MacLellan ( Chairman ) , Darwin Fogt , Curtis Hollister and David Markowski ( collectively , the New Directors ) ; and the following individuals were appointed to the following positions : Mr. Fogt as eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp President and Chief Executive Officer , David Markowski as eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and Treasurer , and Curtis Hollister as eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp Chief Technology Officer ( collectively , the New Officers ) .
actual or anticipated variations in Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. quarterly operating results or dividends ; .
Mr. Conway is a founder and Co - Chief Executive Officer of Carlyle and is also the firm s Chief Investment Officer .
On July 10 , 2017 , Chris Theoharis resigned as a member of the board of directors and Treasurer of the Company .
Mr. Wu is a leading media investor and entrepreneur with experience in helping Chinese media companies achieve business transformation , operational and financial performance improvement and sustainable business growth .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Forum Merger Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarterly period ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , David Boris , Co - Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Forum Merger Corp , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as added by 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
ADAC - STRATTEC de MEXICO During fiscal 2007 , STRATTEC SECURITY CORP formed a new entity with ADAC Automotive called ADAC - STRATTEC LLC including a wholly owned Mexican subsidiary ADAC - STRATTEC de Mexico ( ASdM ) .
This Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q contains forward - looking statements as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended , and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , or the Exchange Act , in connection with the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve risks and uncertainties , as well as assumptions that , if they never materialize or prove incorrect , could cause MOBIVITY HOLDINGS CORP . results to differ materially and adversely from those expressed or implied by such forward - looking statements Such forward - looking statements include statements about MOBIVITY HOLDINGS CORP . expectations , beliefs or intentions regarding MOBIVITY HOLDINGS CORP . potential product offerings , business , financial condition , results of operations , strategies or prospects .
PACCAR competes in the European light / medium market with DAF COE trucks assembled in the United Kingdom ( U.K. ) by Leyland , one of PACCAR s wholly owned subsidiaries , and participates in the European heavy market with DAF COE trucks assembled in the Netherlands and the U.K. PACCAR competes in the Brazilian heavy truck market with DAF models assembled at Ponta Grossa in the state of Paran , Brasil .
Executive Chairman of the Board Barbara Rentler .
Prior to joining SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC , Ms. Binion served as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of CheckFree Corporation , a position she held from 2001 to 2007 .
In the first quarter , Intersect ENT , Inc. results can be impacted by adverse weather and by resetting of annual patient healthcare insurance plan deductibles , both of which may cause patients to delay elective procedures such as FESS .
the market price of the LINN Energy units may decline , resulting in a decline in the market price of LinnCo , LLC shares .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Blox Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Nancy Zhao , Chief Financial Officer of Blox , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 that : .
The Chrysler Agreement requires , among other things , that Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. bear the risk of loss on loans originated pursuant to the agreement , but also that FCA shares in any residual gains and losses from consumer leases .
Other Information On March 14 , 2017 and March 15 , 2017 , each of Kent Ellert , President , Chief Executive Officer and Director , Vincent Tese , Executive Chairman and Director , Les Lieberman , Executive Vice Chairman and Director , Stuart Oran , Secretary and Director , and Directors Alan Bernikow , William Mack and Frederic Salerno , of FCB Financial Holdings , Inc. ( the Company ) , established pre - arranged stock trading plans to sell a limited amount of shares of FCB FINANCIAL HOLDINGS , INC . s Class A common stock , par value $ 0.001 per share ( the Common Stock ) , for personal financial management and planning purposes , designed to comply with Rule 10b5 - 1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , and FCB FINANCIAL HOLDINGS , INC . s trading policies regarding stock transactions by directors , executive officers and other employees ( collectively , the Rule 10b5 - 1 Plans ) .
If you are a U.S. holder of LinnCo , LLC shares , the IRS Forms 1099 - DIV that you receive from your broker may over - report your dividend income , if any , with respect to LinnCo , LLC shares for U.S. federal income tax purposes , and failure to over - report your dividend income in a manner consistent with the IRS Forms 1099 - DIV that you receive from your broker may cause the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) to assert audit adjustments to your U.S. federal income tax return .
T he following discussion and analysis of AIRXPANDERS INC financial condition and results of operations should be read together with AIRXPANDERS INC condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q and the audited consolidated financial statement s and notes thereto and management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31 , 2016 included in AIRXPANDERS INC registration statement on Form 10 , as amended , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 17 , 2017 , or AIRXPANDERS INC Form 10 .
The valuation allowance decreased by $ 27 million in 2015 primarily due to changes in WASTE MANAGEMENT INC capital loss and state NOL carry - forwards , as well as the tax impacts of impairments .
After review of relevant transactions or relationships between each director , or any of his family members , and UPD HOLDING CORP , its senior management and the Board , have determined that Andrew D. Smith is an independent director within the meaning of the applicable listing standards of NASDAQ .
The preparation of Zosano Pharma Corp financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires Zosano Pharma Corp management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts and disclosures reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes .
Operating expenses for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 included approximately $ 0.2 million and $ 0.3 million , respectively , to reimburse the Advisor and its affiliates a portion of the compensation paid by the Advisor and its affiliates for Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT , Inc. 's principal financial officer , Javier F. Bitar , executive vice president , David C. Rupert , and vice president and general counsel , Mary P. Higgins , for services provided to Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT , Inc , for which Griffin Capital Essential Asset REIT , Inc. does not pay the Advisor a fee .
REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP has not provided for U.S. federal income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on $ 52.5 million of foreign subsidiaries ' cumulative undistributed earnings as of December 31 , 2015 because such earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested overseas .
Before joining Sempra Energy in July 2012 , Mr. Mihalik served as Senior Vice President of Finance for the past two years and as Vice President Controller for the prior four years , in each case at Iberdrola Renewables Holdings , Inc , a diversified renewables and natural gas company .
Alan Milinazzo President , Chief Executive Officer and Director .
The Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that five of the eight members of the Board of Directors , Messrs. John L. Cook , Gilbert A. Fuller , Robert G. Hunter , M.D , H. Craig Moody and Norman G. Wilbur , are independent under the listing standards of the Nasdaq Stock Market .
Inogen Inc revenue from Medicare in the 27 CBAs where Inogen Inc were not offered contracts as of January 1 , 2017 was approximately $ 0.2 million and $ 0.3 million in the three months ended September 30 , 2017 and September 30 , 2016 , respectively , and $ 0.7 million and $ 1.4 million in the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and September 30 , 2016 , respectively .
SDG E is a participant in the Western Systems Power Pool , which includes an electric - power and transmission - rate agreement that allows access to power trading with more than 300 member utilities , power agencies , energy brokers and power marketers located throughout the United States and Canada .
XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP purchased the components from Ember Industries pursuant to standard purchase orders at Ember Industries standard prices .
On May 19 , 2015 , Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. entered into the First Amendment to the Share Exchange Agreement with Freedom Seed and Feed Shareholders , the FSF Agreement or FSF , to acquire the controlling shares of Freedom Feed and Seed in exchange for 31,429,000 shares of MYHI .
Because MOSAIC CO ammonia requirements for MOSAIC CO Florida operations are purchased rather than manufactured on site , MOSAIC CO purchase on average approximately two million MMbtu of natural gas per year in Florida only as a thermal fuel for various production processes .
Matthew P. Kinley has served as ZETA ACQUISITION CORP I Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and a Director since inception .
Under the terms of the Covestro Agreement , Covestro purchases from EDN all of Covestro s requirements for nitric acid for use in Covestro s chemical manufacturing complex located in Baytown , Texas that provides a pass - through of certain costs plus a profit .
On February 16 , 2016 , American BriVision ( Holding ) Corp Board of Directors appointed Kira Huang as the Chief Financial Officer of American BriVision ( Holding ) Corp replacing Eugene Jiang while Eugene Jiang shall remain as the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company .
SECURITY FEDERAL CORP has adopted various accounting policies , which govern the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States in the preparation of SECURITY FEDERAL CORP financial statements .
Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the period ended December 31 , 2015 ( the Report ) , I , Stephen C. Gray , President and Chief Executive Officer of SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC , hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to my knowledge : ( 1 ) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and ( 2 )
Use of Estimates The preparation of FBR & Co. s financial statements , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) , requires management to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period .
Jack A. Fusco Jack A. Fusco Chief Executive Officer of Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings , LLC .
On February 6 , 2013 , pursuant to an Agreement between Mr. Keming Li , former CEO / President and Director of Golden Oasis New Energy Group Inc , a Nevada corporation ( the Issuer ) , Ms. Guoling Jin , former Treasury and Director of Golden Oasis New Energy Group Inc , and Ms. Madison Li ( the stockholder ) , of Golden Oasis New Energy Group Inc , and Mr. Jian Li ( the Purchaser ) , Mr. Jian Li became the principal stockholder and Chief Executive Officer and Tzongshyan George Sheu the Vice - president , secretary , and director of First America Resources Corp. Going Concern and Plan of Operation .
Signature and Title THOMAS L. WILLIAMS , Chairman of the Board of Directors and Principal Executive Officer ; TODD M. LEOMBRUNO , Principal Accounting Officer ; LEE C. BANKS , Director ; ROBERT G. BOHN , Director ; LINDA S. HARTY , Director ; ROBERT J. KOHLHEPP , Director ; KEVIN A. LOBO , Director ; KLAUS - PETER M LLER , Director ; CANDY M. OBOURN , Director ; JOSEPH SCAMINACE , Director ; WOLFGANG R. SCHMITT , Director ; KE SVENSSON , Director ; JAMES R. VERRIER , Director ; and JAMES L. WAINSCOTT , Director .
The recognition of a pre - tax loss of $ 25 million on the divestiture of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC Puerto Rico operations .
In addition , customer - funded expenditures for Government Systems increased $ 40 million due to fixed wing programs and Commercial Systems increased $ 31 million due to international regional jet programs and higher amortization of pre - production engineering costs .
Kraig Biocraft Laboratories , Inc investing activities for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and March 31 , 2016 are attributable to purchases of fixed assets .
( 4 ) On March 21 , 2014 , Jeff Mitchell , Chief Financial Officer and Secretary resigned his executive officer positions .
The 2016 formula rate plan evaluation report shows a decrease in formula rate plan revenue of approximately $ 16.9 million , comprised of a decrease in legacy Entergy Louisiana formula rate plan revenue of $ 3.5 million , a decrease in legacy Entergy Gulf States Louisiana formula rate plan revenue of $ 9.7 million , and a decrease in incremental formula rate plan revenue of $ 3.6 million .
Mr. Cavanagh forfeited these 76,046 DRUs upon his departure following his resignation as Co - President and Co - Chief Operating Officer in May 2015 .
Amir Adnani is a founder of URANIUM ENERGY CORP and has served as URANIUM ENERGY CORP President , Chief Executive Officer and a director since January 2005 .
The events of default under the Amended Credit Agreements include customary events of default for such types of agreements , including , among others : ( i ) nonpayment of any principal , interest or other fees when due , subject in the case of interest and fees to a grace period ; ( ii ) non - compliance with the covenants in the Amended Term Loan Agreement , the Amended Revolving Credit Agreement or the ancillary security documents , subject in certain instances to grace periods ; ( iii ) the institution of any bankruptcy , insolvency or similar proceedings by or against Products Corporation , any of its subsidiaries or Revlon , Inc , subject in certain instances to grace periods ; ( iv ) default by Revlon , Inc. or any of its subsidiaries ( A ) in the payment of certain indebtedness when due ( whether at maturity or by acceleration ) in excess of $ 50.0 million in aggregate principal amount or ( B ) in the observance or performance of any other agreement or condition relating to such debt , provided that the amount of debt involved is in excess of $ 50.0 million in aggregate principal amount , or the occurrence of any other event , the effect of which default referred to in this subclause ( iv ) is to cause or permit the holders of such debt to cause the acceleration of payment of such debt ; ( v ) in the case of the Amended Term Loan Facility , a cross default under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility , and in the case of the Amended Revolving Credit Facility , a cross default under the Amended Term Loan Facility ; ( vi ) the failure by Products Corporation , certain of Products Corporation s subsidiaries or Revlon , Inc. to pay certain material judgments ; ( vii ) a change of control such that : ( A ) Revlon , Inc. shall cease to be the beneficial and record owner of 100 % of Products Corporation s capital stock ; ( B ) Ronald O. Perelman ( or his estate , heirs , executors , administrator or other personal representative ) and his or their controlled affiliates shall cease to control Products Corporation , and any other person or group of persons owns , directly or indirectly , more than 35 % of Products Corporation s total voting power ; ( C ) any person or group of persons other than Ronald O. Perelman ( or his estate , heirs , executors , administrator or other personal representative ) and his or their controlled affiliates shall control Products Corporation ; or ( D ) during any period of two consecutive years , the directors serving on Products Corporation s Board of Directors at the beginning of such period ( or other directors nominated by at least a majority of such continuing directors ) shall cease to be a majority of the directors ; ( viii ) Revlon , Inc. shall have any meaningful assets or indebtedness or shall conduct any meaningful business other than its ownership of Products Corporation and such activities as are customary for a publicly traded holding company which is not itself an operating company , in each case subject to limited exceptions ; and ( ix )
Gatto , Co - Chairman , Co - CEO , Co - President and Director , originally joined ICON Capital in 1999 .
ALAMO GROUP INC do not provide for a U.S. income tax liability on undistributed earnings of ALAMO GROUP INC foreign subsidiaries .
Stephen L. Perrone ( 4450 US Highway # 1 , Vero Beach , FL 32967 ) is the beneficial owner of all of the shares and has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all of the shares .
On September 27 , 2016 , Great Elm Capital Corp. entered into an administration agreement ( the Administration Agreement ) with GECM to provide administrative services , including furnishing Great Elm Capital Corp. with office facilities , equipment , clerical , bookkeeping record keeping services and other administrative services .
From 2004 through 2006 , Mr. Smith served as Senior Vice President Finance and Corporate Secretary of Remington Oil and Gas Corp , which was acquired by Helix Energy Solutions Group , Inc. in June 2006 .
Benjamin J. Bochnowski has served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Northwest Indiana Bancorp and Peoples Bank , SB ( Peoples ) since January 2015 .
Good personal and professional relationships with the Jamul Tribe and its officials are critical to PENN NATIONAL GAMING INC gaming operations and activities in San Diego County , including PENN NATIONAL GAMING INC ability to perform and maintain PENN NATIONAL GAMING INC existing management agreement , as well as other agreements .
Robert T. Lowry is Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Bancorp and the Bank .
These adjustments are intangible assets and liabilities classified as unamortized energy contracts on Exelon s and PHI s Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30 , 2017 .
In connection with the Separation , GCP Applied Technologies Inc. entered into various agreements with Grace including a Separation and Distribution Agreement , a Tax Sharing Agreement , an Employee Matters Agreement and other agreements to effect the Separation of the companies and provide a framework for GCP Applied Technologies Inc. s relationship with Grace after the Separation .
Peter R. Kagan has served as a director of Midstream Management since February 2014 .
PEN INC . director , Mr. Holmes is a principal of DHJH Holdings LLC and of Holmes Hollister Co. PEN INC . incurred an aggregate of $ 55,208 in fees and expenses in 2016 to DHJH Holdings LLC and PEN INC . paid Holmes Hollister Co. aggregate fees and expenses of $ 115,000 in 2015 .
The difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 35.0 % and SURMODICS INC effective tax rate for the three months ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 is primarily due to transaction costs and contingent consideration accretion associated with the Fiscal 2016 Acquisitions , the domestic production manufacturing deduction and the US federal research and development tax credit .
On December 30 , 2015 , ReWalk Robotics Ltd. entered into the Loan Agreement with Kreos pursuant to which Kreos extended a line of credit to us in the amount of $ 20.0 million .
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and include the financial statements of China Modern Agricultural Information , Inc. and its subsidiaries , Hope Dairy , China Dairy ( Hope Dairy s 53.07 % owned subsidiary ) , and the following subsidiaries owned by China Dairy : Value Development , Value Development Group Limited , Jiasheng Consulting , and , Zhongxian Information and Zhongxian Information s 99 % owned subsidiary , Xinhua Cattle and its 100 % owned subsidiary , Yulong .
Mr. Quist also serves as SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP 's President , a position he has held since 2002 .
Prior to joining Alltel , Mr. Beebe served as Executive Vice President of Operations at 360 Communications Co , a wireless communications company , from 1996 to 1998 .
A summary of ENTEGRIS INC s restricted stock activity for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 is presented in the following table : .
In 2006 , ALAMO GROUP INC acquired 100 % of the ownership interests in Nite - Hawk Sweepers LLC ( Nite - Hawk ) , a manufacturer of truck mounted sweeping equipment primarily for the contract sweeping market , which expanded its presence in that market and complements ALAMO GROUP INC Schwarze sweeper line .
Mr. Wolberg served as Chief Counsel and Vice President of Corporate Development for Mascot Networks in Cambridge , Massachusetts from January 2000 to September 2001 .
On December 18 , 2015 , MVC CAPITAL , INC . invested approximately $ 5.1 million in Pride Engineering , LLC in the form of a second lien loan .
Changes in current laws or regulations or the imposition of new laws and regulations in the United States or elsewhere regarding the wireless communications or automobile industries may make operation more costly , and may materially reduce Telenav , Inc. ability to increase or maintain sales of Telenav , Inc. products and services .
Mr. Pappajohn currently serves as a director of the following public companies : American CareSource Holdings , Inc , and MYnd Analytics , Inc , which trade under the symbols NASDAQ : GNOW , and NASDAQ OTCBB : MYAN , respectively .
fluctuations in GCP Applied Technologies Inc. quarterly or annual earnings results or those of other companies in the industry ; .
As a result , immediately following the effective time of the Merger , DNI held 58 % of the outstanding shares of DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS INC 's common stock and the holders of DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS INC 's common stock immediately prior to the Merger retained , in the aggregate , 42 % of the outstanding shares of DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS INC 's common stock .
At ACTIVECARE , INC . 's request , Executive agrees to perform , during or after Executive 's employment with ACTIVECARE , INC , any acts to transfer , perfect and defend ACTIVECARE , INC . 's ownership of the Work Product , including , but not limited to ( a ) executing all documents ( including a formal assignment to the Company ) necessary for filing an application or registration for protection of the Work Product ( an " Application " ) ; ( b ) explaining the nature of the Work Product to persons designated by the Company ; ( c ) reviewing Applications and other related papers ; or ( d ) providing any other assistance reasonably required for the orderly prosecution of Applications .
As previously noted under Sales , foreign currency exchange exposure , particularly in regard to the Australian dollar and Canadian dollar , negatively impacted GENUINE PARTS CO results for the three month period ended June 30 , 2017 , and marginally benefited GENUINE PARTS CO 's results for the six month period ended June 30 , 2017 .
As of June 30 , 2017 , OncoCyte held 353,264 BioTime common shares as available - for - sale securities with a fair market value of $ 1.1 million .
From 1986 through 1996 , Mr. Rupert was employed at Salomon Brothers in New York , where he served in various capacities , including the head of REIT underwriting , and provided advice , raised debt and equity capital and provided brokerage and other services for leading public and private real estate institutions and entrepreneurs .
During the six - month period ended July 31 , 2017 , Armeau Brands Inc. have used $ 11,896 in Armeau Brands Inc. operating activities compared to $ 19,724 during the six months ended July 31 , 2016 .
On August 17 , 2015 , CPI Card Group Inc. entered into a new First Lien Credit Facility with a syndicate of lenders , consisting of the $ 435.0 million First Lien Term Loan and the $ 40.0 million Revolving Credit Facility .
The complaint alleges that Finisar 's WSS products , ROADM line cards containing a Finisar WSS , and Waveshaper products infringe U.S. Patent No . 6,141,361 .
While AIR T INC s intention to hold the Insignia shares has not changed , AIR T INC reclassified a portion of the investment to current assets in its December 31 , 2016 condensed consolidated balance sheet .
Mr. Cassano has served as a managing director of Katalyst LLC , a company which provides certain administrative services to Jaguar Acquisition Corporation , since January 2005 .
Brian P. Conway , the Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , and Chairman of the Board brings 20 years of proven success in marketing and business development for both private and publically traded companies .
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee believes that Mr. Loesch s extensive service as a Special Agent with the FBI , together with his knowledge of security issues relevant to the Company s products and markets , provides IMAGEWARE SYSTEMS INC and the Board of Directors with relevant input regarding the industries in which IMAGEWARE SYSTEMS INC competes , and the markets served by the Company .
BIOLARGO , INC . total SG A increased $ 124,148 ( 13 % ) in the three months ended March 31 , 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 .
Mr. Contos , a director of STONEMOR PARTNERS LP general partner , is a Principal of American Infrastructure Funds , L.L.C. Mr. Sick , a director of STONEMOR PARTNERS LP general partner , has been an Operating Director of American Infrastructure Funds , L.L.C. since 2015 .
Upon termination for cause by SPARK NETWORKS INC , PEAK6 shall pay SPARK NETWORKS INC an amount equal to the aggregate amount of all Management Fees paid by SPARK NETWORKS INC during the term of the Management Services Agreement .
In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report of Windstream Holdings , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Anthony W. Thomas , President and Chief Executive Officer of WINDSTREAM SERVICES , LLC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , to the best of my knowledge , that : .
Co. KG , a wholly owned subsidiary of Grace Conn , entered into a Cross - License Agreement that provides each party licenses under certain intellectual property assets owned by the other party .
During the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 , OMIDRIA revenue increased $ 7.1 million , or 71.4 % , and $ 12.2 million or 70.5 % as compared to the three and six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
June 29 , 2016 , except for the effects of the restatement due to the change in accounting related to AIR T INC s investment in Delphax with respect to the attribution of Delphax losses , as to which the date is October 13 , 2017 .
This increased use of cash in operations of $ 40.8 million was primarily due to the increase in ACADIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC net loss during the current period , partially offset by an increase of $ 13.7 million in non - cash stock - based compensation .
If petroleum operations resume and Dana refuses to pay its share of the well costs , they would be in default of the JOA and HYPERDYNAMICS CORP would be responsible for HYPERDYNAMICS CORP proportionate share of their interest .
OSHKOSH CORP holds trademarks for Oshkosh , Oshkosh Defense , TAK-4 , ProPulse , JLG , SkyTrak , Pierce , McNeilus , Jerr - Dan , CON - E - CO , London and IMT among others .
In order to market InspireMD , Inc. products in other foreign jurisdictions , InspireMD , Inc. must obtain separate regulatory approvals from those obtained in the United States and Europe .
For the year ended December 31 , 2015 , FBR & Co. net loss was $ 7.5 million compared to net income of $ 17.0 million in 2014 and $ 92.9 million in 2013 .
Angelo Napolitano , President , and Chief Executive Officer .
As a result of their respective ownership positions , NEA , Baupost , Redmile and BVF each may have the ability to significantly influence matters requiring stockholder approval , including , without limitation , the election or removal of directors , an increase in Cascadian Therapeutics , Inc. authorized common stock , mergers , acquisitions , changes of control of Cascadian Therapeutics , Inc. company and sales of all or substantially all of Cascadian Therapeutics , Inc. assets .
The following information should be read in conjunction with ( i ) the financial statements of eBullion , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( the Company ) , and development stage company , and the notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Form 10 - Q together with ( ii ) the more detailed business information and the March 31 , 2017 audited financial statements and related notes included in eBullion , Inc. s Form 10 - K , as amended ( File No . 000 - 55231 ; the Form 10 - K ) , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 6 , 2017 .
NAREIT FFO results for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 : .
However , this method may not afford complete protection , particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect Level Brands , Inc. proprietary rights as fully as in the United States and unauthorized parties may copy or otherwise obtain and use Level Brands , Inc. products , processes or technology .
On April 27 , 2017 , WisdomTree Investments , Inc. invested an additional $ 5,000 in AdvisorEngine to help facilitate AdvisorEngine s acquisition of Kredible Technologies , Inc , a technology enabled , research - driven practice management firm designed to help advisors acquire new clients , and to continue to fuel AdvisorEngine s growth , leadership and innovation in the advisor solutions space .
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Richard J. Doleshek .
Although not occurring in 2015 , drought conditions could interfere with CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT sources of water supply and could adversely affect CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT existing and future customers .
For the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , the amounts of Advanced Emissions Solutions , Inc. 's 42.5 % proportionate share of Net Income available to Class A members as shown in the table above differ from mathematical calculations of Advanced Emissions Solutions , Inc. s 42.5 % equity interest in Tinuum Group multiplied by the amounts of Net Income available to Class A members as shown in the table above of Tinuum Group results of operations due to adjustments related to the Redeemable Class B preferred return and , for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 , the elimination of Tinuum Group 's earnings attributable to RCM6 , of which Advanced Emissions Solutions , Inc. sold its 24.95 % equity interest on March 3 , 2016 .
On January 12 , 2017 , Her Imports entered into a Business Purchase Agreement with EnzymeBioSystems , Inc. ( EnzymeBio ) , a Nevada corporation , whereby Her Imports entered into an agreement to purchase 100 % ownership of EnzymeBio s wholly owned subsidiary , Share Acquisition Corp. ( SAC ) , a Nevada corporation in exchange for approximately 55,000 shares of the Company s common stock and $ 25,000 cash .
During the latter part of that year , ZENOSENSE , INC . began to negotiate a license agreement with the developers of such technology ( the Sgenia Technology ) , and in December 2013 , ZENOSENSE , INC . entered into a Development and Exclusive License Agreement ( the License Agreement ) with Sgenia Industrial , S.L. ( Sgenia ) and its subsidiaries Sgenia Soluciones , S.L. ( Sgenia Subsidiary ) and ZENON Biosystem , S.L. ( Zenon ) , all of which are formed under the laws of Spain .
On November 3 , 2011 , Mr. Poling was elected President and Chief Operating Officer of W. R. Grace Co.
The primary factor was the increase in U.S. Music Publishing digital revenue , which increased by $ 35 million due to increases in streaming services and digital downloads .
The decrease in FBR & Co. principal investing results was primarily attributable to the decrease in investment revenues , net of interest expense in 2014 compared to the prior year .
B. James Ford , a member of EXCO RESOURCES INC Board of Directors , serves as a Senior Adviser of Oaktree .
On June 12 , 2012 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. filed a complaint against Glottech - USA in the Court of Common Pleas of Chester County , Pennsylvania , alleging that Glottech - USA misused Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. funds and was in breach of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. agreements that called for Glottech - USA to deliver one initial unit of the mechanical ultrasound technology .
MICHAEL SERRUYA Non - Executive Chairman , Director March 30 , 2016 Michael Serruya .
This spin - off transaction , should it be completed , will be effected through a distribution of all of the outstanding shares of CorePoint Lodging s common stock to existing La Quinta stockholders as of the applicable record date in proportion to their ownership of La Quinta common stock .
As of September 30 , 2017 , Taylor Morrison Home Corp operated in Arizona , California , Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , North Carolina , and Texas .
Since substantially all of SOHU COM INC operations are conducted through SOHU COM INC indirect Mainland China - based subsidiaries and VIEs , Sohu.com Limited , Sogou Inc , and Changyou.com Limited may need to rely on dividends , loans , or advances made by SOHU COM INC PRC subsidiaries and VIEs in order to pay dividends and make other distributions to us .
Prior to the expiration of the escrow period in March 2012 , Shire plc filed a claim against all amounts held in escrow related to the sale based principally upon a United States Department of Justice ( DOJ ) false claims act investigation relating to ABH .
Refer to the " Results of Operations " section for further discussion of RLJ Lodging Trust operating results for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
Mr. Feldman also has served as Chief Executive Officer of Resource Real Estate , a subsidiary of Resource America , since 2004 , President and a Director of Resource Real Estate Management since 2005 and a Senior Vice President of Resource America since 2002 .
Cytosorbents Corp were originally organized as a Delaware limited liability company in August 1997 as Advanced Renal Technologies , LLC .
Dividend and Distribution Policy 1847 Holdings LLC intend to pursue a policy of making regular distributions on 1847 Holdings LLC outstanding common shares subject to Neese generating sufficient cash flow to permit us to make regular distributions .
On December 6 , 2013 , IXYS CORP /DE/ entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with Bank of the West , or BOTW , for a revolving line of credit of $ 50.0 million .
In 1997 , VASCO Data Security International , Inc. was incorporated and in 1998 , VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC completed a registered exchange offer with the holders of the outstanding securities of VASCO Corp.
Enstar Group LTD U.K. run - off subsidiaries may not underwrite new business without the approval of the U.K. Regulator .
In June 2013 , TVA entered into an arrangement with Mr. Grimes that provides a lump sum payment equal to one year 's annual salary in the event TVA terminates Mr. Grimes 's employment without cause .
POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol PSIX .
Contribution Agreement , dated April 16 , 2013 , among Net Element International , Inc , Unified Payments , LLC , TOT Group , Inc , Oleg Firer , and Georgia Notes 18 LLC ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Net Element , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8 - K filed with the Commission on April 17 , 2013 .
Stellar Biotechnologies , Inc. net loss for the nine months ended June 30 , 2017 was $ 3,809,710 , or $ 0.38 per basic share , compared to a net loss of $ 3,684,890 , or $ 0.44 per basic share , for the nine months ended June 30 , 2016 .
To the extent that Arista Networks , Inc. are required to obtain alternative U.S. sources for these components , Arista Networks , Inc. may be unable to obtain a sufficient quantity of these components on commercially reasonable terms or in a timely manner , if at all , sales of Arista Networks , Inc. products could be delayed or halted entirely or Arista Networks , Inc. may be required to redesign Arista Networks , Inc. products .
First Six Months of 2016 KADANT INC operating activities provided cash of $ 19.2 million in the first six months of 2016 .
El Toro was formed during 2013 and began operations during 2015 .
The Form 10 disclosed MetLife , Inc. s plans to undertake several actions , including an internal reorganization involving its U.S. retail business ( the Restructuring ) and include Brighthouse Life Insurance Company ( Brighthouse Insurance ) , Brighthouse Life Insurance Company of NY ( Brighthouse NY ) , New England Life Insurance Company ( NELICO ) , Brighthouse Reinsurance Company of Delaware ( BRCD ) and Brighthouse Investment Advisers , LLC in the planned separated business and distribute at least 80.1 % of the shares of Brighthouse Financial , Inc. s common stock on a pro rata basis to the holders of MetLife , Inc. common stock .
As of December 31 , 2015 , Planet Fitness , Inc. held 100 % of the voting interest , and approximately 37.1 % of the economic interest in Pla - Fit Holdings .
Youngevity International , Inc. also operates subsidiary branches of Youngevity Global LLC in the Philippines and Taiwan .
Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Capital Market .
While Guidewire Software , Inc. believe that Guidewire Software , Inc. financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States , Guidewire Software , Inc. can not predict the impact of future changes to accounting principles or Guidewire Software , Inc. accounting policies on Guidewire Software ,
In August 2017 , River Ridge Mall JV , LLC , a subsidiary of CBL & ASSOCIATES LIMITED PARTNERSHIP , entered into a binding contract to sell its 25 % interest in River Ridge Mall , located in Lynchburg , VA , to its joint venture partner for $ 9,000 in cash .
regulations and AVON PRODUCTS INC Venezuelan operations ' increasingly limited access to U.S. dollars , which restricted AVON PRODUCTS INC Venezuelan operations ' ability to pay dividends and settle intercompany obligations .
FBR & Co. operate predominately in the United States .
Zoompass Inc , was incorporated under the laws of Ontario on June 8 , 2016 .
The increase reflects the inclusion of Southern Company Gas results for the nine - month period in 2017 compared to the three - month period subsequent to the Merger closing on July 1 , 2016 .
With the exception of $ 236,292 of expenses related to security services for Mr. Schwarzman in 2015 , perquisites and other personal benefits to the named executive officers were less than $ 10,000 and information regarding perquisites and other personal benefits has therefore not been included .
actions and the timing of actions , including general rate case decisions , new regulations , issuances of permits to construct , operate , and maintain facilities and equipment and to use land , franchise agreements and licenses for operation , by the California Public Utilities Commission , California State Legislature , U.S. Department of Energy , California Division of Oil , Gas , and Geothermal Resources , Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , Nuclear Regulatory Commission , California Energy Commission , U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration , California Air Resources Board , South Coast Air Quality Management District , Mexican Competition Commission , cities and counties , and other regulatory , governmental and environmental bodies in the United States and other countries in which SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO operate ; .
See Note 2 - Business Combinations to the consolidated financial statements for further information with respect to NOODLES & Co acquisition activity in 2014 .
On October 17 , 2017 ( the Closing ) , Oaktree entered into new investment advisory agreements with each of FSC and FSFR and FSM s investment advisory agreements with each of FSC and FSFR were terminated .
An entity under control of David Derrick , former Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors , ADP Management Corporation , was owed notes payable totaling $ 720,683 .
Stellar Biotechnologies , Inc. total revenues decreased by $ 346,304 to $ 141,856 for fiscal first quarter 2017 compared to $ 488,160 for the fiscal quarter ended December 31 , 2015 due to a decrease in product sales volumes , which are subject to variability associated with the rate of development and progression of clinical studies of third - party products that utilize Stellar KLH .
Under this shelf registration statement , from 2013 through 2015 , Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. issued 9,063,671 shares of common stock ( with a fair value of $ 277 million ) to Holdings in exchange for an equivalent number of shares of member interests in IBG LLC .
SKINVISIBLE INC settled $ 89,340 of the outstanding balance through the issuance of a new note on October 19 , 2016 .
In connection with the merger , each of the former common and preferred stockholders of OLB.com received five shares of OLB GROUP , INC . common stock in exchange for each outstanding share of OLB.com .
On July 31 , 2017 , Healthcare Trust of America Holdings , LP Board of Directors announced an increase in Healthcare Trust of America Holdings , LP quarterly dividend run rate by 1.7 % to $ 0.305 per share of common stock , representing an annualized yield of $ 1.22 per share of common stock .
MICHAEL D. BARNELLO Michael D. Barnello President and Chief Executive Officer .
Mr. Miller is the Treasurer of GIREX , and the Chief Financial Officer of GIREX s adviser , Griffin Capital Advisor , LLC , and has held these positions since June 2014 .
As of January 2 , 2016 , ARK RESTAURANTS CORP owned and operated 22 restaurants and bars , 19 fast food concepts and catering operations , exclusively in the United States , that have similar economic characteristics , nature of products and service , class of customer and distribution methods .
Gerard M. Anderson Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer .
In 2015 , Carlyle Group L.P. formed a wholly - owned subsidiary of one of the business development companies , which operates as a collateralized loan obligation issuer .
Taxes other than income increased by $ 137 million primarily due to the addition of FitzPatrick and increased gross receipts tax accruals at Generation and the inclusion of PHI s results for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 compared to the period March 24 , 2016 to June 30 , 2016 .
In addition to PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP , which provides financing , leasing and full - service truck leasing in the United States , PACCAR offers similar financing programs for PACCAR products in Mexico , Canada , Australia , the United Kingdom , Continental Europe and South America through other wholly owned finance subsidiaries .
Edward S. Lampert _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Name : Edward S. Lampert Title : Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
This was partially offset by an increase of $ 2.1 million in related party payables , net , and decrease $ 0.6 million of related party receivables , net NantHealth , Inc. net loss in the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 has been significantly greater than NantHealth , Inc. use of cash for operating activities due to the inclusion of substantial non - cash charges .
IMMUNOMEDICS INC research and development activities , including testing in laboratory animals and in humans , IMMUNOMEDICS INC manufacture of antibodies , as well as the design , manufacturing , safety , efficacy , handling , labeling , storage , record - keeping , advertising , promotion and marketing of the product candidates that IMMUNOMEDICS INC are developing and IMMUNOMEDICS INC marketed products , are all subject to stringent regulation , primarily by the FDA in the U.S. under the Federal Food , Drug , and Cosmetic Act ( FFDCA ) and its implementing regulations , and the Public Health Service Act ( PHSA ) and its implementing regulations , and by comparable authorities under similar laws and regulations in other countries .
On May 21 , 2012 , at YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . s request , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . and Mr. McMahon entered into Amendment No.1 to the Note , pursuant to which the price per share at which the Note , or any convertible Securities into which the Note is converted , may be converted into shares of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . s common stock , could not be less than $ 4.75 , which amount represented the closing bid price of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . s common stock on the trading day immediately prior to the date of the Note in accordance with the rules and regulations of The Nasdaq Stock Market , Inc.
Mr. Owens ' extensive experience in the mortgage financing and real estate industries , his deep knowledge of Owens Realty Mortgage , Inc. business as Owens Realty Mortgage , Inc. executive Chairman of the Board , as Owens Realty Mortgage , Inc. former Chief Executive Officer and as the Chief Executive Officer of Owens Realty Mortgage ,
This was the result of a decline in management fee revenues and incentive fees from ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. UK operations which included a decline in exchange rates compared to 2014 and was partially offset by an increase in ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. management and incentive fee revenue for ONE Group Hospitality , Inc.
Northern Power Systems Corp. general activity during the three months ended June 30 , 2016 was primarily focused on : growing revenue , orders and backlog of distributed wind turbines in key markets , especially Italy and the United States ; continued expansion of order backlog for FlexPhase power conversion technology used in battery - energy - storage and microgrid applications ; expansion of services offerings to include full turnkey wind turbine installations , and optimizing Northern Power Systems Corp. supply chain and operating profile to improve Northern Power Systems Corp. margins .
LiqTech International AS , a Danish corporation , incorporated on January 15 , 2000 ( LiqTech Int . DK ) , a 100 % owned subsidiary of LiqTech USA , engages in development , design , application , marketing and sales of membranes on ceramic diesel particulate and liquid filters and catalytic converters in Europe , Asia and South America .
The manufacturing and marketing of Cytosorbents Corp products will be subject to extensive and rigorous government regulation in the European market , the U.S , in various states and in other foreign countries .
Supplemental Indenture relating to the 7 5/8 % Senior Unsecured Notes due 2021 of EH Holding Corporation ( currently known as Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation ) , dated as of June 8 , 2011 , by and among EH Holding Corporation , the guarantors listed on the signature page thereto , and Wells Fargo Bank , National Association , as trustee ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to EchoStar Corporation s Current Report on Form 8 - K , filed June 9 , 2011 , Commission File
Peter T. Grauer is a member of the board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner .
Citizens Northern Investment Corporation was formed in 1999 to engage in investment activities .
For over 30 years , Mr. Meek has worked for mining companies including ASARCO Incorporated for 17 years , ascending from Metallurgical Account to Accounting Manager ; Coeur d ' Alene Mines Corp. for over 10 years , including 5 years as Treasurer and Manager of Budget and Forecasting , where he traveled extensively to South America to visit the mines for which he was responsible ; Sterling Mining Company for almost 4 years in the position of CFO and Romarco Minerals Inc. for 1 year in the role of CFO .
Before his tenure with ICON Capital , Mr. Reisner was an attorney from 1996 to 2001 with Brodsky Altman McMahon , LLP in New York , concentrating on commercial transactions .
The functional currency for SUPERIOR ENERGY SERVICES INC international operations , other than certain operations in the United Kingdom and Europe , is the U.S. dollar , but a portion of the revenues from SUPERIOR ENERGY SERVICES INC international operations is paid in foreign currencies .
GLATFELTER P H CO operate in and are subject to taxation from numerous U.S. and foreign jurisdictions .
Kevin A. Shields , Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. President and a Director , serves as an officer , director , and manager of numerous entities affiliated with
Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer . RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a ) Mark L. Abbate , certify that : 1 ) I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Meridian Bancorp , Inc. ; 2 )
Sharon E. Underberg Sharon Underberg has served as General Counsel , Secretary and Senior Vice President since January 2015 .
Acquisition of Waterworks On May 27 , 2016 , RH acquired a controlling interest in Design Investors WW Acquisition Company , LLC , which owns the business operating under the name Waterworks , for consideration consisting of approximately $ 119.9 million , consisting of $ 118.4 million funded with available cash and $ 1.5 million representing the fair value of rollover units , which amount is subject to adjustment for changes in working capital and other items .
CCIC provides telecommunications and data services to residential and business customers in 11 rural communities in northwest Iowa and surrounding areas .
In conjunction with the reorganization MASA changed its name to Chineseinvestors.com , Inc. Chineseinvestors.com , Inc. is now incorporated as a C corporation in the State of Indiana as of June 1 , 1997 .
Mark Gatto Mark Gatto Co - Chief Executive Officer and Co - President ( Co - Principal Executive Officer ) .
LSB INDUSTRIES INC subsidiary and Chevron have retained an environmental consultant to perform the corrective action study work plan as to the appropriate method to remediate the H allowell Facility .
On February 7 , 2013 , Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. terminated the Offering and ceased offering shares of common stock in the primary offering and under the DRIP .
Scientific Advisory Board , including Dr. Macarena Per n , who is currently Reader in Anatomy at the University of Ja n in Spain , Professor Juan Antonio Marchal Corrales , Professor of Anatomy and Embryology at the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Granada , and Dr. Maria Garc a , Head of Translational Research at the University Hospital of Granada .
RALPH LAUREN CORP brand names include Ralph Lauren , Ralph Lauren Collection , Ralph Lauren Purple Label , Polo Ralph Lauren , Double RL , Lauren Ralph Lauren , Polo Ralph Lauren Children , Chaps , and Club Monaco , among others .
Arnold P. Kling was appointed to NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING INC Board of Directors ( Board ) and served together with Vincent J. McGill , a then current director who continued to serve until August 20 , 2007 , the effective date of his resignation from NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING INC Board ; ( ii ) all of NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING INC then officers and directors , with the exception of Mr. McGill , resigned from their respective positions with us ; ( iii ) NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING INC Board appointed Mr. Kling as president and Kirk M. Warshaw as chief financial officer and secretary ; and ( iv ) NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING INC relocated NEWTOWN LANE MARKETING INC headquarters to Chatham , New Jersey .
As OOMA INC expand OOMA INC operations outside the U.S. and Canada , certain changes to U.S. tax laws , including limitations on the ability to defer U.S. taxation on earnings outside of the U.S. until those earnings are repatriated to the U.S. could affect the tax treatment of OOMA INC foreign earnings .
John Venners , a director of Kuboo , Inc , is NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL , INC . EVP , Operations and also sits on NORTHSIGHT CAPITAL , INC . board of directors .
On May 5 , 2017 , WILLIAMS COMPANIES INC entered into a Consent Order with the Georgia Department of Natural Resources , Environmental Protection Division ( GEPD ) pertaining to alleged violations of the Georgia Water Quality Control Act and associated rules arising from a permit issued by GEPD for construction of the Dalton Project .
Certain of RPX Corp discovery services operations are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar , primarily the British pound sterling and the Euro , and therefore these operations are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations , particularly in light of the referendum in the United Kingdom in which voters approved an exit from the European Union , commonly referred to as " Brexit , " and other recent political developments .
The following discussion provides the significant items that impacted PSE s results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 .
Transfer Agreements In June 1992 , Revlon , Inc. and Products Corporation entered into an asset transfer agreement with Revlon Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company and formerly a Delaware corporation known as Revlon Holdings Inc. ( " Revlon Holdings " ) , and which is an affiliate and an indirect wholly - owned subsidiary of MacAndrews Forbes , and certain of Revlon Holdings wholly - owned subsidiaries .
In connection with the Offering , on January 8 , 2015 , Cytosorbents Corp entered into underwriting agreements with Brean Capital , LLC and H.C. Wainwright Co , LLC ( the Representatives ) , who acted as book - running managers and as representatives of the underwriters in the Offering .
Interested Directors : Bermuda law provides that if a director has an interest in a material contract or proposed material contract with us or any of Essent Group Ltd. subsidiaries or has a material interest in any person that is a party to such a contract , the director must disclose the nature of that interest at the first opportunity either at a meeting of directors or in writing to the board .
Much of Net Element , Inc. present operations are being conducted in Russia .
The information statement filed as an exhibit to the Form 10 disclosed that MetLife , Inc. intends to undertake several actions , including an internal reorganization involving its U.S. retail business ( the Restructuring ) and include Brighthouse Insurance , New England Life Insurance Company , Brighthouse Life Insurance Company of NY ( ( Brighthouse NY ) , formerly known as First MetLife Investors Insurance Company ) , Brighthouse Investment Advisers , LLC ( formerly known as MetLife Advisers , LLC ) and certain affiliated reinsurance companies in the planned separated business and distribute at least 80.1 % of the shares of Brighthouse s common stock on a pro rata basis to the holders of MetLife , Inc. common stock .
Additionally , EchoStar and DISH Network agreed that DISH Network would continue to have the right , but not the obligation , to engage us to manage the process of procuring new satellite capacity for DISH Network ( previously provided under the Satellite Procurement Agreement ) , receive logistics , procurement and quality assurance services from EchoStar ( previously provided under the Services Agreement ) and other support services .
IMPAX LABORATORIES INC entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Tolmar in March 2012 ( the Tolmar Loan Agreement ) , under which IMPAX LABORATORIES INC agreed to lend to Tolmar one or more loans through December 31 , 2014 , in an aggregate amount not to exceed $ 15.0 million .
Mr. Parasnis joined Adobe in July 2015 as Senior Vice President of Adobe 's Cloud Technology Services organization and Chief Technology Officer .
ICON Equipment & Corporate Infrastructure Fund Fourteen , L.P. General Partner s interest in ICON Equipment & Corporate Infrastructure Fund Fourteen , L.P. net loss for December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 was $ 141,043 , $ 370,610 and $ 65,511 , respectively .
He reports to Chief Executive Officer Jeff Clarke and Brad Kruchten , President , Print Systems Division .
MedoveX is the parent company of Debride , which was incorporated under the laws of Florida on October 1 , 2012 , but did not commence operations until February 1 , 2013 .
David Dickson President and Chief Executive Officer .
On June 1 , 2015 , Kappa Digital LLC ( Kappa ) filed suit against Hughes Satellite Systems Corp subsidiary HNS in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging infringement of United States Patent No .
For the past 10 years Mr. Yap , has owned and managed Peakvision Sdn Bhd which has three optical retail practice .
As a subsidiary of EchoStar , Hughes Satellite Systems Corp are an indirect party to EchoStar s tax sharing agreement with DISH Network that was entered into in connection with the Spin - off .
Mark A. Crosswhite Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer , and Director ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 17 th day of May , 1989 , by ROBERT M. IRVIN and TIMOTHY R. BARNES , President and Secretary of the Corporation , respectively , on behalf of the Corporation .
MPT Operating Partnership , L.P. operating partnership subsidiary , MPT Operating Partnership , L.P , ( the Operating Partnership ) through which MPT Operating Partnership , L.P. conduct all of MPT Operating Partnership , L.P. operations , was formed in September 2003 .
In AXIOM HOLDINGS , INC . opinion , the financial statements referred to above present fairly , in all material respects , the financial position of Axiom Holdings , Inc. ( Formerly At Play Vacations , Inc. ) as of December 31 , 2015,September 30 , 2015 and 2014 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the three months ended December 31 , 2015 and the years ended September 30 , 2015 and 2014 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
From April 1999 till January 2001 , Mr. Zheng served as the Sales Manager at Wulin Motor Limited Company of Qingyuan .
David W. Sides Chief Executive Officer DATE : December 12 , 2017 By : / S / Nicholas A. Meeks .
Mr. Blackmon was elected as United Cannabis Corp President , Mr. Ruby was elected as Chief Operating Officer and Mr. Verzura was elected as Vice President .
PetroShare Corp. were incorporated in September 2012 and PetroShare Corp. activities to date have been limited to organizational efforts , raising capital , developing PetroShare Corp. business plan , assembling an initial lease inventory , participating as a non - operator in several drilling programs and limited drilling efforts .
Ms. Carlise also served as the Chief Financial Officer of Shearson Financial Network , Inc.
On and prior to December 18 , 2013 , PERRIGO Co plc common stock consisted of common stock of Perrigo Company , a Michigan Corporation , and since December 19 , 2013 , PERRIGO Co plc common stock has consisted of ordinary shares of Perrigo Company plc , a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland .
$ 119 million charge in 2013 for loss from plant closure associated with SDG E s investment in SONGS , compared to a $ 21 million charge in 2014 to adjust the total loss from plant closure ; .
To the extent relating to a Product within the Ono Territory or activities under this Agreement , Ono shall provide Array with : ( A ) reasonable advanced notice of substantive meetings ( or telephone or similar substantive interactions ) that are either scheduled or initiated by or under the authority of Ono with a Regulatory Authority in the Ono Territory and immediate notice of any unscheduled substantive interactions that are initiated by such a Regulatory Authority ( including , the PMDA or MHLW or any committee to whom the PMDA or MHLW have delegated activities relating to the review or approval of MAAs filed with the PMDA ) other than meetings or interactions with any such Regulatory Authority pertaining to Pricing and Reimbursement Approval of the Product in the applicable country , and advance copies of all related documents and other relevant information relating to such meetings or other contact except where the provision of advance copies is not possible as in the case of unscheduled substantive interactions that are initiated by a Regulatory Authority .
As a result , ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INC will prospectively correct ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INC financial statements for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2016 when ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INC file ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INC Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2017 and Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 .
In 2002 , Bohemian American merged with Madison Bradford , at which time MB Bancorp Inc changed MB Bancorp Inc name to Madison Bradford / Bohemian American Savings Bank , and in 2004 MB Bancorp Inc shortened MB Bancorp Inc name to Madison Bohemian Savings Bank .
SEI INVESTMENTS CO utilize numerous third - party service providers located in the United States , the United Kingdom and other offshore locations in SEI INVESTMENTS CO operations , in the development of new products , and in the maintenance of SEI INVESTMENTS CO proprietary systems .
following the time that the Tricor Funds and their affiliates cease to beneficially own a majority of CPI Card Group Inc. common stock , super majority voting requirements to amend CPI Card Group Inc. bylaws and certain provisions of CPI Card Group Inc. certificate of incorporation .
In 2008 , INOVIO PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . sold INOVIO PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . manufacturing operations ( including patent rights to certain manufacturing technology ) to VGXI , Inc , a wholly - owned United States subsidiary of GeneOne .
Ms. Zaderej joined AC in May 2006 and served as Vice President of Marketing and Sales from May 2006 to October 2007 and as Chief Operating Officer from October 2007 to May 2010 .
Exhibit 10.3 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 10 - Q filed August 9 , 2013 .
The servers that Net Element , Inc. use through various third party service providers are not located in Miami , Florida but may also be vulnerable to computer viruses , break - ins and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with Net Element , Inc. computer systems , which could lead to interruptions , delays , loss of critical data or the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information .
Biostar Pharmaceuticals , Inc. business operations may be adversely affected by the current and future political environment in the PRC .
Connecticut Water will pay RWA $ 75,000 per year as part of a capacity agreement , for a total of 14 years , starting on the effective date of the agreement .
( a ) Within 30 days after the Closing Date ( or such longer period as agreed by Borrower and Administrative Agent in writing ) , Payne s Ferry shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to record in the real property records of Twin Falls County , Idaho , the First Amendment to Lease and Memorandum of Lease among O ' Connor Enterprises , Inc , Half Moon LLC and Payne 's Ferry ( which amendment shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Agent ) .
As a result of the factors discussed above , GOOD GAMING , INC . s net loss was $ 762,887 for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , as compared to a net loss of $ 538,551 during the six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
The preparation of PROTALEX INC financial statements , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States , requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets , liabilities and equity and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period .
( 1 ) Ms. Zhou was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and a Director on November 20 , 2015 .
On December 27 , 2011 , IMMUNOMEDICS INC entered into the Amendment Agreement with UCB which provided UCB the right to sublicense epratuzumab , subject to obtaining IMMUNOMEDICS INC s prior consent , to a third party for the United States and certain other territories .
Mr. Reich was named Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2015 and his base salary was set at $ 400,000 .
Mr. Devine retired as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Coach , Inc. in 2011 .
The following table and discussion sets forth information regarding Carlyle Group L.P. consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 .
EARTHSTONE ENERGY INC corporate structure requires the filing of two separate consolidated U.S. Federal income tax returns and one Canadian income tax return resulting from the Lynden Arrangement that includes Lynden USA , Inc. ( Lynden US ) , Earthstone Energy , Inc. ( Earthstone US ) , and Lynden Energy Corp. ( Lynden Canada ) , As such , taxable income of Earthstone can not be offset by tax attributes , including net operating losses , of Lynden US , nor can taxable income of Lynden US be offset by tax attributes of Earthstone .
MISO Segment The following table provides summary financial data regarding DYNEGY INC . MISO segment results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively : .
Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. cash and cash equivalents increased by $ 56 million to $ 1,269 million at the end of 2014 .
On May 15 , 2017 , JUDO Capital Corp. terminated its credit line facilitywith its Chief Executive Officer , Lorenzo DeLuca , that was entered into in October 2015 .
In 1995 , Mr. Stuka joined State Street Research and Management as manager of its Market Neutral and Mid Cap Growth Funds .
Exhibit 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Aduro Biotech , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 ( the Report ) , Stephen T. Isaacs , Chairman , President and Principal Executive Officer of ADURO BIOTECH , INC , and Gregory W. Schafer , Chief Operating Officer and Principal Financial Officer of ADURO BIOTECH , INC , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
SOHU COM INC offshore entities may not be able to obtain cash from distributions because SOHU COM INC subsidiaries and VIEs in Mainland China are subject to restrictions imposed by PRC law on paying such dividends and making other payments .
Trust Supplement No . 2015 - 1B , dated as of August 11 , 2015 , between Spirit Airlines , Inc. and Wilmington Trust , National Association , as Trustee , to the Pass Through Trust Agreement , dated as of August 11 , 2015 , filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Spirit Airlines , Inc. s Form 8 - K dated August 11 , 2015 , is hereby incorporated by reference .
The carrying value of Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc. s investment in Celularity is $ 125.0 million at August 15 , 2017 and September 30 , 2017 .
In the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , GOGAS purchased from employees of Afek a 1.15 % fully vested interest in Afek for $ 0.3 million in cash .
In connection with the quarterly Report of CleanSpark , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , S. Matthew Schultz , Chief Executive Office , and I , Zachary Bradford , Chief Financial Officer of CLEANSPARK , INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Along with operations in Winfield , Christian Disposal operates two transfer stations , in O Fallon , Missouri and St. Peters , Missouri , and owns one transfer station , in Winfield , Missouri .
President and Chief Executive Officer Jonathan Segal and related entities .
David A. Peters joined the board of Midstream Management in connection with Antero Midstream Partners LP listing on the NYSE , and serves as a member of the audit committee .
As part of the resolution of the DOJ investigation , NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . expect Aegerion to enter into a civil settlement agreement with the DOJ to resolve alleged violations of the False Claims Act , and a non - monetary consent decree with the FDA .
Prior to Flowserve , Mr. Freeman served as Chief Financial Officer , Europe for The Stanley Works Corporation .
Before joining the American Cancer Society , Ms. Harris worked for Y - ME National Breast Cancer Organization .
A summary of the Bancorp s stock option activity for 2015 and 2014 follows : .
Additional information on VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC , VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC products and services and VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC results , including VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC s annual report on Form 10 - K , quarterly reports on Form 10 - Q , current reports on Form 8 - K , and amendments to those reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the SEC ) are available , free of charge , on VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC website at https://www.vasco.com .
The technical person primarily responsible for the preparation of the reserve report is Mr. W. Todd Brooker , Senior Vice President of CG A. He graduated with honors from the University of Texas at Austin in 1989 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Petroleum engineering .
On April 7 , 2015 , XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP board of directors approved grants of options to purchase a total of 240,374 shares of XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP common stock , with an exercise price of $ 6.38 , of which options to purchase 87,437 shares were granted to XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP chairman and chief executive officer , options to purchase 75,000 shares were granted to XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP president , options to purchase 50,000 shares were granted to XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP chief financial officer at the time and options to purchase 27,937 shares were granted to Andrea Goren , a member of XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP board of directors .
Senior Managing Director Agreements Upon the consummation of Blackstone Group L.P. initial public offering , Blackstone Group L.P. entered into substantially similar senior managing director agreements with each of Blackstone Group L.P. named executive officers and other senior managing directors other than Blackstone Group L.P. founder , Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley .
Stephen J. Smith Stephen J. Smith Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
Exhibit 32 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Fenix Parts , Inc. ( the Company ) , for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , each of the undersigned , Kent Robertson , Principal Executive Officer of Fenix Parts , Inc , and Scott Pettit , Principal Financial Officer of Fenix Parts , Inc , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to his knowledge : ( 1 )
Evolent Health , Inc. was incorporated in December 2014 in the state of Delaware , and is a managed services firm that supports leading health systems and physician organizations in their migration toward value - based care and population health management .
Alan served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Ford Motor Company , a global automotive company , from September 2006 through June 2014 .
Net cash provided by SMSA CRANE ACQUISITION CORP . financing activities for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , as compared to 2016 was increased by of approximately $ 33,000 .
Investor Relations Computershare PO Box 30170 College Station , TX 77842 - 3170 800.368.5948 www.computershare.com/investor For Information Copies of IBERIABANK CORP s Annual Report on Form 10 - K including financial statements and financial statement schedules , will be furnished to Shareholders without cost by sending a written request to Robert B. Worley , Jr , Secretary , IBERIABANK Corporation , 601 Poydras Street ,
The terms of ICON ECI Fund Sixteen revolving line of credit with California Bank Trust ( CB T ) could restrict us from paying distributions to ICON ECI Fund Sixteen shareholders if such payment would cause us to not be in compliance with ICON ECI Fund Sixteen financial covenants .
On February 19 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with Global Telesat Communications Limited , a Private Limited Company formed under the laws of England and Wales ( GTCL ) and all of the holders of the outstanding equity of GTCL ( the GTCL Shareholders ) .
In 2014 compared to 2013 , SoCalGas natural gas revenues increased by $ 119 million ( 3 % ) to $ 3.9 billion , and the cost of natural gas increased by $ 87 million ( 6 % ) to $ 1.4 billion .
Even if VIVEVE MEDICAL , INC . clinical trials are completed as planned , it can not be certain that the results of the clinical trials will support VIVEVE MEDICAL , INC . proposed claims for Geneveve , that the FDA or foreign authorities will agree with VIVEVE MEDICAL ,
Intersect ENT , Inc. ability to obtain regulatory approval and reimbursement coverage for Intersect ENT , Inc. products in development or for Intersect ENT , Inc. current products outside the United States ; .
Exhibit 32 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of FreightCar America , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ending December 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , FreightCar America , Inc , Joseph E. McNeely , President and Chief Executive Officer , and Matthew S. Kohnke , Vice President , Finance , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer , respectively , of FreightCar America , Inc , certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to FreightCar America , Inc. knowledge : .
AMES NATIONAL CORP operates five commercial banks with locations in Boone , Hancock , Marshall , Polk and Story Counties in central and north central Iowa .
Carlos L. Macau , Jr. has served as HEICO CORP Executive Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since June 2012 .
I , Nikki L. Kobliha , Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of PacifiCorp , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , that to the best of my knowledge : ( 2 ) the information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of PacifiCorp .
Financial Results of Operations GAAP Results of Operations The following tables set forth Exelon s GAAP consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31 , 2016 compared to the same period in 2015 .
Ms. Geldner was named Senior Vice President - Chief Marketing Officer in January 2012 .
The following tables provide a comparative summary of REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's segment results for each of 2015 , 2014 and 2013 .
David R. Koos serves as sole officer and director of both Zander and Entest Biomedical , Inc. and also serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Regen BioPharma Inc. Regen BioPharma Inc utilizes approximately 2,300 square feet of office space at 4700 Spring Street , Suite 304 , La Mesa California , 91941 subleased to Regen BioPharma Inc. by Entest BioMedical , Inc. on a month to month basis beginning October 1 , 2014 .
( 1 ) Mr. Kessel assumed the role of President as of April 1 , 2011 , and assumed the roles of CEO and director starting January 1 , 2013 .
Algae Dynamics Corp. ( the Company ) was incorporated under the Canada Business Corporations Act on October 7 , 2008 as Converted Carbon of Canada Corp.
Nexeo Solutions , Inc. were formed as a Delaware corporation on March 24 , 2014 , under the name WL Ross Holding Corp , as a special purpose acquisition company for the purpose of effecting a merger , capital stock exchange , asset acquisition , stock purchase , reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses .
Within 120 days after each Settlement Date , the Managing Member shall submit to the Withdrawn Member a statement of the settlement of such Withdrawn Member s GP - Related Member Interest in Blackstone Group L.P. pursuant to this Section 6.5 together with any cash payment , subordinated promissory note and in kind distributions to be made to such Member as shall be determined by the Managing Member .
John has been a General Partner of Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers , a venture capital firm , since August 1980 .
, if GCP Applied Technologies Inc. terminate Mr. Festa s employment without cause , or he terminates his employment as a result of constructive discharge , he would be entitled to a severance payment equal to two times a dollar amount equal to 175 % of his annual base salary at the time of his termination .
Through REALPAGE INC wholly owned subsidiary , Multifamily Internet Ventures LLC , REALPAGE INC hold insurance agent licenses from a number of individual state departments of insurance and are subject to state governmental regulation and supervision in connection with the operation of REALPAGE INC LeasingDesk insurance business .
From April 2014 to February 2016 , Mr. McAreavey served as CACHET FINANCIAL SOLUTIONS , INC . Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President .
Net Element , Inc. do not have key person insurance on the lives of Mr. Rakishev and/or Mr. Firer or any other member of Net Element , Inc. management team .
Eversource provides energy delivery service to approximately 3.7 million electric and natural gas customers through these six regulated utilities in Connecticut , Massachusetts and New Hampshire .
In September 2009 , Mr. Brown was appointed Vice - Chairman and Chief Operating Officer .
This loan was repaid in full on September 22 , 2016 and was guaranteed by Luvu Brands , Inc. and personally guaranteed by Luvu Brands , Inc. s CEO and controlling shareholder , Louis S. Friedman .
Exhibit 10.10 Counsel RB Capital Inc. ( the Company hereby grants to the option holder set forth below an option to purchase the number of shares of Heritage Global Inc. s common stock as set forth below .
An affiliate of CFFC , Hoss owned the intellectual property rights to approximately 30 MMA events promoted by CFFC .
As of June 30 , 2017 , Greenpro Capital Corp. holds 60 % of the shareholdings of Yabez ( Hong Kong ) Company Limited and attributed a net loss of $ 1,326 to the non - controlling interest of Yabez ( Hong Kong ) Company Limited for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 .
Executive Officers of the Registrant HESKA CORP executive officers and their ages as of March 2 , 2017 are as follows : Name Age Position Kevin S. Wilson Chief Executive Officer and President John McMahon Vice President , Chief Financial Officer Jason A. Napolitano Chief Operating Officer , Chief Strategist and Secretary Michael J. McGinley , Ph.D. President , Biologicals Pharmaceuticals Nancy Wisnewski , Ph.D. Executive Vice President , Diagnostic Operations and Product Development Steven M. Eyl Executive Vice President , Global Sales and Marketing Steven M. Asakowicz Executive Vice President , Companion Animal Health Sales Rodney A. Lippincott Executive Vice President , Companion Animal Health Sales .
As a result , ABM INDUSTRIES INC /DE/ increased ABM INDUSTRIES INC /DE/ reserves for known claims as well as ABM INDUSTRIES INC /DE/ estimate of the loss amounts associated with IBNR Claims for years prior to 2016 by $ 32.9 million during 2016 .
On January 3 , 2017 , PERFICIENT INC acquired substantially all of the assets of RAS through a wholly - owned subsidiary of PERFICIENT INC , pursuant to the terms of an Asset Purchase Agreement .
common stock has been substantially less liquid than the average trading market for a stock quoted on the Nasdaq Stock Market and this low trading volume may adversely affect the price of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . common stock .
This was primarily the result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Brazilian Real on significant U.S. dollar denominated payables held by MOSAIC CO Brazilian subsidiaries .
In addition , Alliant Energy Resources , LLC , as the successor to a predecessor entity that owned Whiting Petroleum , continues to guarantee the partnership obligations of an affiliate of Whiting Petroleum under general partnership agreements in the oil and gas industry , including liabilities with respect to the future abandonment of certain platforms off the coast of California and related onshore plant and equipment owned by the partnerships .
The high and low bid information for HILLS BANCORPORATION s stock for each quarter of the two most recent fiscal years , as reported by OTC Market Groups , Inc , is provided below .
Mr. Bryant has also served as a director of The National Association of Chain Drug Stores from 2003 to 2008 , and as Chairman of the Association during 2008 .
The remaining approximately 84.3 % of IBG LLC membership interests are held by IBG Holdings LLC ( " Holdings " ) , a holding company that is owned by Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. founder , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , Mr. Thomas Peterffy and his affiliates , management and other employees of IBG LLC , and certain other members .
Mr. D Aniello is a founder and Chairman of Carlyle and was elected to the Board of Directors of Carlyle Group L.P. general partner effective July 18 , 2011 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of SLM Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Steven J. McGarry , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of SLM CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
GERON CORP condensed financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for interim financial information .
In 1982 FLANIGANS ENTERPRISES INC expanded FLANIGANS ENTERPRISES INC club operations into the Philadelphia , Pennsylvania area as general partner of several limited partnerships FLANIGANS ENTERPRISES INC organized .
VALIDIAN CORP prepare VALIDIAN CORP financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America .
Since RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . began executing on RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . external growth initiatives in the fourth quarter of 2013 , RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . have purchased 30 properties for aggregate consideration of $ 1,396,761 , including RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . pro rata share of unconsolidated joint ventures , resulting in an increase in consolidated GLA in RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . target markets by 4.5 million square feet and an increase in concentration to over 66 % of multi - tenant retail annualized base rent ( ABR ) from RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . target markets as of December 31 , 2016 .
Taxation as a REIT Qualifying as a REIT involves highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code , and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. failure to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT would subject us to U.S. federal income tax and applicable state and local tax , which would negatively impact the results of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. operations and reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. stockholders .
Scope of Procedures and Overview These procedures ( the Procedures ) describe the processes by which one or more Baskets of SPDR Gold Trust shares ( the Shares ) issuable by BNY Mellon Asset Servicing , a division of The Bank of New York Mellon , as trustee ( the Trustee ) of the SPDR Gold Trust ( the Trust ) , may be purchased or , once Shares have been issued , redeemed by an Authorized Participant ( a Participant ) .
Headquartered in Ambler , Pennsylvania , Clutch provides advanced consumer management technology that delivers customer intelligence and customer engagement solutions to premium brands .
Exchange rate fluctuations may also impact the competitive price position of SPAN AMERICA MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC products manufactured in the U.S. and sold in Canada , which is SPAN AMERICA MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC primary market outside the U.S.
Carbon Natural Gas Co maintain an office in Lexington , Kentucky from which Carbon Natural Gas Co conduct Carbon Natural Gas Co oil and gas operations .
These OP Units represent a 14.4 % interest in JBG SMITH LP as of September 30 , 2017 .
Wayne Wagner Mr. Wagner has been a director since April 2014 .
Commercial rental revenue increased from $ 4,884 for the three months ended September 30 , 2016 , to $ 5,476 for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 , primarily due to the commencement of the new office lease at Clipper Realty Inc.
From 1997 to 2002 Mr. Hollister founded and operated Intrasoft Technologies , a technology start - up to capitalize on the emerging Intranet application market .
BIOTIME INC shall pay Hadasit an annual minimal non - refundable royalty ( Minimum Royalty ) of US [ * ] , which shall become due and payable only as from the first January 1 falling after the completion of the provision of services to BIOTIME INC or its Affiliates by the laboratory of the [ * ] or any HMO researcher who may succeed him funded pursuant to the New Product Development Agreement and the New Research Agreement .
In the event of a complete liquidation of the Bank , eligible depositors who continue to maintain accounts in accordance with Office of the Comptroller of the Currency ( OCC ) regulations will be entitled to receive a distribution from the liquidation account before any liquidation may be made with respect to MB Bancorp Inc s common stock .
Connecticut Water agrees to purchase 283 million gallons of water annually from MDC .
Finally , SEARS HOLDINGS CORP also experienced a revenue decline in SEARS HOLDINGS CORP Home Services business during 2014 , as well as a decline in delivery revenues , which when combined , accounted for $ 145 million of the decline and a decline in SEARS HOLDINGS CORP revenues from SHO of $ 119 million .
Effective August 1 , 2013 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a joint venture agreement with Alta Disposal Morinville pursuant to which Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company and Alta Disposal Morinville will operate certain lands and facilities including a disposal well in the Morinville area of Alberta .
On April 7 , 2016 , the OP used $ 4.0 million of proceeds from the Credit Facility and $ 2.0 million of cash on hand to originate its $ 6.0 million preferred equity investment in Bell Midtown .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT quarterly high and low stock prices as reported by NASDAQ and the cash dividends CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT paid during 2015 and 2014 for CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT Common Stock are listed as follows : .
In 2014 compared to 2013 , Sempra Energy s natural gas revenues increased by $ 151 million ( 3 % ) to $ 4.5 billion , and the cost of natural gas increased by $ 112 million ( 7 % ) to $ 1.8 billion .
In this quarterly report , DIGITAL POWER CORP , Digital Power , DIGITAL POWER CORP , us and DIGITAL POWER CORP refer to Digital Power Corporation , a California corporation , DIGITAL POWER CORP wholly - owned subsidiaries , Coolisys Technologies , Inc , Power - Plus Technical Distributors , LLC , Digital Power Lending , LLC , Digital Power Limited and DIGITAL POWER CORP majority owned subsidiary , Microphase Corporation .
Basis Swaps In February 2017 , LyondellBasell Industries N.V. entered into 617 million of basis swaps to reduce the volatility in stockholders equity resulting from changes in currency exchange rates of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. foreign subsidiaries with respect to the U.S. dollar .
Effective August 29 , 2014 , Gabriel G. Matus resigned as Senior Vice President , General Counsel , Secretary and Chief Ethics Officer of EMAGIN CORP and his Employment Agreement was terminated .
As of December 31 , 2015 , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC .
In anticipation of Fifth Street Asset Management Inc. initial public offering , or IPO , that closed on November 4 , 2014 , FSAM was incorporated in Delaware on May 8 , 2014 as a holding company with its primary asset expected to be a limited partnership interest in Fifth Street Holdings .
On July 14 , 2015 , CytoSorbents Corporation entered into executive employment agreements with its principal executives , Dr. Phillip P. Chan , President and Chief Executive Officer , Vincent Capponi , Chief Operating Officer , and Kathleen P. Bloch , Chief Financial Officer .
As a result of the failure to timely file Reign Sapphire Corp 2016 Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 and Reign Sapphire Corp Form 10 - Q for the three month period ended March 31 , 2107 , the November 2016 and December 2015 Notes were in default .
Mr. Zarrilli joined Safeguard as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in June 2008 and became President and Chief Executive Officer in November 2012 .
Mr. Enck joined the Managing Owner on March 1 , 2007 , with more than 20 years of extensive management experience with large , highly regulated health care organizations such as Bristol - Myers Squibb and Quintiles as well as with more entrepreneurial venture capital funded organizations .
Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 I , Steve Weclew , certify that : 1 .
( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Steven H. Gunby , President and Chief Executive Officer ( principal executive officer ) of FTI CONSULTING INC , certify , pursuant to 18 USC .
Additionally , a prolonged economic downturn in China could significantly impact prices for post - consumer fiber and metals processed by WASTE MANAGEMENT INC recycling operations .
The increase relates primarily to an increase in professional , consulting and operating fees due to the merger completed in June 2017 and the acceleration in AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS INC activities in connection with AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS INC planned 2017 product launches .
In connection with RAYTHEON CO/ international business , RAYTHEON CO/ also operate subsidiaries domiciled in non - U.S. locations that are subject to local government laws and regulations which may differ from U.S. government regulations .
I , Michael A. Reisner , Co - Chief Executive Officer and Co - President of ICON MT 16 , LLC , the Managing Owner of the Registrant , in connection with the Annual Report of ICON ECI Fund Sixteen ( the Fund ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Annual Report ) , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
If Intersect ENT , Inc. expand Intersect ENT , Inc. operations outside the United States , Intersect ENT , Inc. will need to expand Intersect ENT , Inc. international marketing .
Vice President and Controller Edward T. Rizzuti .
CareDx , Inc. intend to complete compulsory acquisition proceedings under Swedish law to purchase the remaining shares of Allenex .
He also is a director and the Secretary of Diamond A Administration Company , LLC , or Diamond A , an affiliate of Gerald J. Ford , the current Chairman of the Board of .
Automotive segment operating cash flow includes additional elements management considers to be related to FORD MOTOR CO Automotive operating activities , primarily capital spending and non - designated derivatives , and excludes outflows for funded pension contributions , separation payments , and other items that are considered operating cash flows under U.S. GAAP .
living CITIZENS & NORTHERN CORP values every day 2015 Board of Directors Citizens Northern Corporation Citizens Northern Bank Leo F. Lambert , Chairman President / GM , Fitzpatrick Lambert , Inc.
Develop a comprehensive training and development plan , for China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc finance , accounting and internal audit personnel , including China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc. Interim Chief Financial Officer , Financial Manager , and others , in the principles and rules of U.S. GAAP , SEC reporting requirements and the application thereof .
During August 2017 , DISH DBS CORP entered into certain other agreements pursuant to which DISH DBS CORP will provide certain collocation and antenna space to HNS through August 2022 at the following locations : Monee , Illinois and Spokane , Washington .
The following discussion describes TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC results of operations for the year ended December 31 , 2015 as compared to December 31 , 2014 , and analyzes TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC financial condition as of December 31 , 2015 as compared to December 31 , 2014 .
The U.K. Limited segment includes CPI Card Group Inc. s operations in Colchester , United Kingdom and Liverpool , United Kingdom .
Please refer to GOLDEN QUEEN MINING CO LTD s Form 10 - K dated March 15 , 2017 for information on the Project and the Joint Venture .
Pursuant to the Tax Sharing and Disaffiliation Agreement ( Tax Sharing Agreement ) that SunGard entered into with Sungard Availability Services Capital , Inc. ( SpinCo ) , SpinCo is required to indemnify SunGard for certain taxes relating to the AS Split - Off that result from ( i ) any breach of the representations or the covenants made by SpinCo regarding the preservation of the intended tax - free treatment of the AS Split - Off , ( ii ) any action or omission that is inconsistent with the representations , statements , warranties and covenants provided to tax counsel in connection with their delivery of tax opinions to SunGard with respect to the AS Split - Off , and ( iii ) any other action or omission that was likely to give rise to such taxes when taken , in each case , by SpinCo or any of its subsidiaries .
After Wowio , Inc. have completed paying the acquisition balance , Wowio , Inc. will pay Platinum Studios a royalty of 10 % of related revenue in perpetuity .
On November 8 , 2011 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a letter agreement with Glottech - USA .
The Director Nomination Agreement will terminate at such time as the Tricor Funds collectively own less than 5 % of CPI Card Group Inc. outstanding common stock .
For further information , see " Note 18 : Retirement Benefit Plans " in Part II , Item 8 of INTEL CORP 2016 Form 10 - K. INTEL CORP estimate that INTEL CORP will reclassify approximately $ 94 million ( before taxes ) of net derivative gains included in accumulated other comprehensive income ( loss ) into earnings within the next 12 months .
On October 8 , 2014 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into an exchange agreement with Sandor Capital Master Fund LP , who had purchased the $ 35,000 note from Marlin Capital Investments , LLC .
At Fifth Third s Central Ohio Affiliate , Mr. O Dell also served as Executive Vice President and senior lender and managed its commercial banking and residential , commercial real estate divisions .
Manufacturing Agreements On May 20 , 2016 , CATALYST BIOSCIENCES , INC . entered into a development and manufacturing services agreement with CMC ICOS Biologics , Inc. ( CMC ) , pursuant to which CMC will conduct manufacturing development and , upon successful development of the manufacturing process , manufacture CATALYST BIOSCIENCES , INC . s next - generation Factor VIIa variant marzeptacog alfa ( activated ) that CATALYST BIOSCIENCES , INC . intends to use in its clinical trials .
In connection with Blackstone Group L.P. initial public offering , Blackstone Group L.P. entered into an exchange agreement with holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units ( other than The Blackstone Group L.P. s wholly owned subsidiaries ) so that these holders , subject to the vesting and minimum retained ownership requirements and transfer restrictions set forth in the partnership agreements of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships , may up to four times each year ( subject to the terms of the exchange agreement ) exchange their Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for The Blackstone Group L.P. common units on a one - for - one basis , subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits , unit distributions and reclassifications .
PERCEPTRON INC / MI own subsidiaries that operate direct sales , application and support offices in V lizy- Villacoublay , France , Barcelona , Spain , Birmingham , UK and Bratislava , Slovakia .
Mr. Goodman joined Credit Suisse in November 2000 when they acquired Donaldson , Lufkin Jenrette , or DLJ where he was Global Head of Leveraged Finance .
The following tables present RITCHIE BROS AUCTIONEERS INC Constant Currency results and Translational FX Impact for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , as well as reconcile those metrics to first three months of 2017 , 2016 , and 2015 revenues , costs of services , SG A expenses , acquisition - related costs , depreciation and amortization expenses , gain on disposition of property , plant and equipment , foreign exchange gain , and operating income , which are the most directly comparable GAAP measures in RITCHIE BROS AUCTIONEERS INC consolidated financial statements : .
In February 2016 , Actavis , Actavis UT , Roxane and Alkem each stipulated to infringement of the 593 and 364 patents .
Carlyle Group L.P. recognize revenue on investments in Carlyle Group L.P. investment funds based on Carlyle Group L.P. allocable share of realized and unrealized gains ( or losses ) reported by such investment funds , and a decline in realized or unrealized gains , or an increase in realized or unrealized losses , would adversely affect Carlyle Group L.P. revenue , which could further increase the volatility of Carlyle Group L.P. quarterly results and cash flow .
The compounds were invented by Aeolus in collaboration with Brian J. Day , PhD at National Jewish Health and Manisha Patel , PhD at the University of Colorado , Anschutz Medical Campus , Department of Pharmaceutical Sciences in collaboration with the Company .
Messrs. Seaman , Peters and Rowntree , who are officers or affiliates of Parallel49 Equity ( and its predecessor ) , serve on CPI Card Group Inc. board of directors .
As of December 31 , 2015 , INSTRUCTURE INC used AWS data center facilities located in Virginia , Oregon , Dublin , Ireland , Sydney , Australia and Singapore and intend to expand operations to other regions based on market conditions .
Allergan may terminate the Collaboration Agreement for convenience at any time upon either 90 days ( prior to the initiation of the first POC trial of a licensed product ) or 120 days ( after the initiation of the first POC trial of a licensed product ) , as applicable , advance written notice to the Company .
XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP unaudited interim consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this quarterly report are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles .
making required SEC filings , could have a material adverse effect on the confidence in POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . financial reporting , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . credibility in the marketplace and the trading price of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . common stock .
By : /s/ Richard Peters Richard Peters President and Chief Executive Officer . /s/
In connection with Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. IPO priced on May 3 , 2007 , IBG , Inc. purchased 10.0 % of the membership interests in IBG LLC , became the sole managing member of IBG LLC and began to consolidate IBG LLC 's financial results into its financial statements .
American Crew and d : fi : REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP sells men 's shampoos , conditioners , gels and other hair care and grooming products for use and sale by professional salons under the American Crew brand name .
Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In February 2016 , the FASB issued ASU 2016 - 02 , Leases , which is included in the ASC in Topic 842 .
Kevin Reddy has served as NOODLES & Co Chief Executive Officer since April 2006 .
The Performance RSUs awarded to SWIFT ENERGY CO NEOs as part of the 2013 , 2014 and 2015 executive compensation program contain a clawback provision related to any misconduct , malfeasance or gross negligence by the individual that contributes to any inaccuracy of SWIFT ENERGY CO s financial results or the results of the performance metrics tied to the awards .
No later than five ( 5 ) Business Days prior to the date on which LW is obligated to establish the Target Month End Crude Volume or the Target Month End Product Volumes for any month , LW may request that Macquarie agree to a level for any of the foregoing that exceeds that applicable maximum level set forth on Schedule D ( an Excess Inventory Level provided that such request may be for only such month or for a period of two ( 2 ) or more consecutive months starting with such month , as LW shall specify in its request .
Net cash used in operating activities of $ 253.0 million during the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 was primarily a result of INTERCEPT PHARMACEUTICALS INC $ 292.8 million net loss , offset by the add - back of non - cash expenses of $ 27.0 million for stock - based compensation , the amortization of investment premium of $ 3.7 million and a net increase in operating assets and liabilities of $ 3.5 million .
Additional discussion of factors that could cause actual results to differ from management s projections , forecasts , estimates and expectations is contained in Marine Products Form 10 - K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
( 2 ) Joseph Salvani is the President and the sole indirect owner of , and controls , J.F.S. Investments , Inc. ( 3 )
Castle Brands Inc has entered into a supply agreement with Irish Distillers Limited ( IDL ) , which provides for the production of blended Irish whiskeys for Castle Brands Inc until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement .
In a related development on April 21 , 2017 , Protea Biosciences Group , Inc. entered into an agreement with Summit under which Summit : .
As of December 31 , 2016 , U.S. SILICA HOLDINGS , INC . operate 18 production facilities located primarily in the eastern half of the United States , with operations in Alabama , Illinois ( 3 ) , Louisiana , Michigan , Missouri , New Jersey , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas ( 3 ) , Virginia , West Virginia and Wisconsin .
On May 20 , 2016 , Cosmos Holdings Inc. entered into a non - binding Memorandum of Understanding ( " MOU " ) with DOC Pharma SA , a company controlled by Grigorios Siokas , Cosmos Holdings Inc. 's CEO , a director and principal shareholder .
Cash provided by INNODATA INC . operating activities for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 was $ 1.1 million , resulting from a net loss of $ 1.8 million and adjustments for non - cash items of $ 1.2 million and $ 1.7 million from working capital .
Since January 2002 , Mr. Smith has served as President of Ascentron , Inc , an electronics manufacturing services company .
Pursuant to Section 906 of the Public Company Accounting Reform and Investor Act of 2002 ( 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted , the Sarbanes - Oxley Act ) , Steven H. Rouhandeh , Executive Chairman of Abeona Therapeutics Inc. ( the Company ) hereby certifies that to his knowledge the report on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 of ABEONA THERAPEUTICS INC . filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of ABEONA THERAPEUTICS INC . for the period specified .
( the company ) on Form 10 - K for the period ended December 31 , 2015 ( the Report ) , I , T. Kendall Hunt , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of my knowledge : .
In accordance with TRINITY INDUSTRIES INC 's obligations under the Delaware law when such requests are properly filed , TRINITY INDUSTRIES INC has provided books and records to some of those stockholders .
LORAL SPACE & COMMUNICATIONS INC . s immediate shareholders are Red Isle Private Investment Inc. ( Red Isle ) , a company incorporated in Canada , Loral Holdings Corporation ( Loral Holdings ) , a company incorporated in the United States and various individuals .
SEARS HOLDINGS CORP results for 2015 and 2014 were affected by a number of significant items .
In addition , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT failure to comply with certain provisions contained in CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT trust indentures and loan agreements relating to CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT outstanding indebtedness could lead to a default on these documents , which could result in an acceleration of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT indebtedness .
Section 906 Certification of David B. Rottino , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Linn Energy , LLC 99.1 * * .
Approved 2015 Long - Term Incentive Target As a Percentage of Base Salary Terry E. Swift , CEO and President .
The discussion and analysis of Macquarie Equipment Leasing Fund , LLC financial condition and results of operations are based upon Macquarie Equipment Leasing Fund , LLC financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP .
Additionally , from 2012 to present Mr. Fogt has been founder and President of Evolution Fitness , a primarily cash - based fitness and rehabilitation center serving high level athletes and clients in Culver City , CA .
Mr. Esserman serves as Chief Executive Officer of TSG , of which he is a founder .
Hebei Aoxing has a 51 % stake in the joint venture , while Macfarlan Smith ( Hong Kong ) Ltd ( a wholly owned subsidiary of Johnson Matthey Pacific Ltd ) holds 49 % .
In connection with the closing of FERRELLGAS PARTNERS FINANCE CORP acquisition of Bridger in June 2015 , Bridger entered into a ten - year transportation and logistics agreement ( the Jamex TLA ) with Jamex Marketing , LLC ( " Jamex " ) pursuant to which Jamex would be responsible for certain payments to Bridger and also for sourcing crude oil volumes for Bridger s largest customer at that time .
Taylor Morrison Home Corp quarterly operating results generally fluctuate by season as a result of a variety of factors such as : .
Prior to joining Creighton University , Ms. Madsen served as a consultant and , prior thereto , as Chief Financial Officer for the Financial Services Division of First Data Corporation .
Within the last 5 - years Ted also served as President of Sienna Labs where he co - developed the business plan to bring to market topical solutions based on plasmonic resonance for treatment of both aesthetic and disease based dermatological indications .
Evan Jones , OPGEN INC Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board is a managing member of jVen Capital , LLC and has voting and investment authority over the shares owned by jVen Capital ; Timothy Harris , a director of the Company ; and Timothy Dec and Vadim Sapiro , officers of the Corporation , were all investors in these offerings .
In January 2014 , SWRL entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement ( the CherryBerry Purchase Agreement ) with CherryBerry Enterprises LLC , CherryBerry Corporate LLC , CherryBerry LLC ( collectively , the CherryBerry Entities ) , and their respective owners ( collectively , the CherryBerry Selling Parties ) , pursuant to which SWRL acquired the franchise rights of frozen yogurt stores branded as CherryBerry ( the CherryBerry Acquisition ) .
Mr. Schwaneke will assume the role of Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer upon Mr. Scheffel 's retirement in early 2016 .
On November 28 , 2016 , BROOKS AUTOMATION INC acquired Cool Lab , LLC , or Cool Lab , a newly established subsidiary of BioCision , LLC , or BioCision , which provides a range of cryogenic solutions that assist in managing the temperature stability of therapeutics , biological samples and related biomaterials in ultra - cold environments .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT believe that CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT cash generated from operations , and , if necessary , borrowing under CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT existing and planned credit facilities , will be sufficient to enable us to make CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT debt payments as they become due .
Coal sales from Rhino Resource Partners LP Rhino Western segment decreased by approximately 24.2 % for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 due to losing approximately two weeks of production during the three months ended March 31 , 2017 due to maintenance issues at Rhino Resource Partners LP Castle Valley operation .
Prior to August 2010 , Mr. Jensen served as Celanese Corp Vice President and Corporate Controller from March 2009 to July 2010 .
ENCISION INC were organized in 1991 and spent several years developing the AEM monitoring system and protective sheaths to adapt to conventional electrosurgical instruments .
Except where the context otherwise requires , in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q , Celsion CORP , Celsion , Celsion CORP , us , and Celsion CORP refer to Celsion Corporation , a Delaware corporation , its wholly - owned subsidiaries CLSN Laboratories , Inc , also a Delaware corporation , and Celsion GmbH , a limited liability company in Zug Switzerland .
The Managing Owner has designated Mr. Hubbard as the trading principal of the Fund .
William Lopshire , Chief Executive Officer of Alltemp , Inc. ( the Company ) , certify that : .
The allegations of the SEC in this complaint against the two former executive officers , Reed Killion and Jeffrey Tomz , who were respectively the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Uni - Pixel during the relevant periods of time at issue in the SEC s
The term of Ms. Carlise s employment was extended to December 1 , 2016 from June 9 , 2016 , her annual salary was increased to $ 140,000 from $ 72,000 and she agreed to devote substantially all of her business time exclusively to Orbital Tracking Corp.
Mr. Murray is the owner of 9,900 shares of Series D Preferred Stock of Gopher Protocol Inc. that is convertible at Mr. Murray s election into 9,900,000 shares of common stock .
OREO includes $ 7.0 million relating to the hotel , golf and banquet facility located in New Jersey which OCEANFIRST FINANCIAL CORP acquired in the fourth quarter of 2015 .
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(b ) UNDER Each of the undersigned , Robert J. Palmisano and Lance A. Berry , certifies pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b ) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code , that ( 1 ) this Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 25 , 2016 ( Report ) of Wright Medical Group N.V. ( Company ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Exchange Act , and ( 2 ) the information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of Wright Medical Group N.V. Date : February 23 , 2017 .
conduct MAD CATZ INTERACTIVE INC business relative to the U.S. dollar will cause foreign currency exchange gains and losses , which MAD CATZ INTERACTIVE INC have experienced in the past and continue to experience .
In determining the fair value of the TSR - based awards issued to employees , the expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of Southern Company 's stock over a period equal to the performance period .
Mr. Shields founded Griffin Capital in 1995 , serves as Griffin Capital 's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , and is based in the firm 's headquarters in El Segundo , CA .
From January 2010 through May 2013 , Ms. John served as President of Stride Rite Children s Group LLC , a division of Wolverine World Wide , Inc , which designs and markets footwear for children .
The following table sets forth , for the period beginning July 24 , 2014 , through December 31 , 2015 , the high and low intraday prices per share of Intersect ENT , Inc. common stock as reported by NASDAQ .
On February 28 , 2017 , EnSync formed and became the controlling owner of DCfusion , LLC , partnering with two industry veteran consultants ( the DCfusion Founders ) who are highly regarded leaders in direct current ( DC ) system engineering design and consulting .
Operating Real Estate Investments As of June 30 , 2017 , Nexpoint Multifamily Capital Trust , Inc. has one consolidated investment in a multifamily property .
Effective December 31 , 2014 , Lumos Networks Corp. terminated the health care .
The loss of services of senior management , particularly Christopher Sabec and Robert Steele , Rightscorp Delaware s founders , could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of RIGHTSCORP , INC . strategic objectives .
Beginning in 2015 , ALLEGHENY TECHNOLOGIES INC results reflected a three year cumulative loss from U.S. operations , which continues through the first quarter 2017 ; prior thereto , ALLEGHENY TECHNOLOGIES INC historical domestic results reflected a three year cumulative profit .
The SIMADI exchange rate at March 31 , 2015 was 191.97 BsF to the U.S. dollar .
These figures include relevant payments in favor of clients of PowerShares DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund subsidiary Postbank .
Interested Directors Mr. Shields is an interested person , as defined in the 1940 Act , due to his positions as Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. President , chief executive officer of GBA and chairman and chief executive officer of Griffin Capital .
/s / S. W. Connally , Jr. S. W. Connally , Jr. Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer .
Blackstone Group L.P. founder Mr. Schwarzman has agreed that Blackstone Group L.P. business will be his principal business pursuit and that he will devote such time and attention to the business of the firm as may be reasonably requested by us .
Lumos Networks Corp. total revenues derived from cost recovery mechanisms , including the USF and the CAF , were $ 2 1.4 million , $ 22.5 million and $ 16.6 million for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively , most of which are reported in Lumos Networks Corp. RLEC access segment .
Daniel Masters -------------------------------- Name : Daniel Masters Title : President and Chief Executive Officer .
In accordance with accounting principles that apply to transfer of assets between entities under common control , Hughes Satellite Systems Corp increased Additional Paid in Capital by the $ 4.4 million excess of the consideration received over the carrying amount of the Brazilian Authorization .
The following is a summary of PeerLogix , Inc. s warrant activity during the six months ended June 30 , 2017 : .
Mr. Herbert previously held the position of Corporate Vice President of DeKalb Ag Research , a major agricultural genetics and energy company .
The industry standard VAT rate for all of China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc s concrete products that are sold in the PRC was 6 % of the gross sales price prior to July 1 , 2014 .
Although SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC believe that OFAC and E.U. Sanctions under their current terms do not prohibit SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC current activities , and that SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC current activities will not cause us to be subject to potential U.S. Secondary Sanctions under current U.S. law , SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC reputation may be adversely affected and investors may divest their investments in us as a result of internal investment policies or may decide for reputational reasons to divest such investments .
Such regulation and supervision governs the activities in which an institution and its holding company may engage , and are intended primarily for the protection of the insurance fund and the depositors and borrowers of Madison Bank of Maryland rather than for holders of MB Bancorp Inc common stock .
Dave Boennighausen has served as NOODLES & Co Chief Financial Officer since July 2012 .
Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. agreed to pay Sonic Cavitation a consulting fee of 20,000 upon execution of the agreement and forgive the sum of 20,000 debt upon delivery of the prototype by Sonic Cavitation .
At December 31 , 2015 , LINN Energy owned 100 % of LinnCo , LLC s sole voting share and all of LinnCo , LLC s common shares were held by the public .
An entity controlled by Mark Bogani , a former officer and Director , acts as GOLDEN EAGLE INTERNATIONAL INC transfer agent .
At the time Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. entered into the promissory note described above , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. entered into a loan and security agreement with U - Swirl ( the U - Swirl Loan Agreement ) , pursuant to which U - Swirl could borrow up to $ 7.75 million from Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. to fund acquisitions .
TETRA TECHNOLOGIES INC have designated the euro , the British pound , the Norwegian krone , the Canadian dollar , the Brazilian real , the Argentine peso , and the Mexican peso , respectively , as the functional currency for TETRA TECHNOLOGIES INC operations in Finland and Sweden , the United Kingdom , Norway , Canada , Brazil , Argentina , and certain of TETRA TECHNOLOGIES INC operations in Mexico .
LILLY ELI & CO management , with the participation of David A. Ricks , chairman , president , and chief executive officer , and Derica W. Rice , executive vice president , global services , and chief financial officer , evaluated LILLY ELI & CO disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30 , 2017 , and concluded that they are effective .
Mrs. Thompson has served as director of Trico Electric Cooperative in Mariana , Arizona since 2001 , and has served as secretary of the board since 2015 .
INOTEK PHARMACEUTICALS CORP ability to successfully complete the Proposed Merger with Rocket depends in large part on INOTEK PHARMACEUTICALS CORP ability to retain certain of INOTEK PHARMACEUTICALS CORP remaining personnel , particularly David P. Southwell , INOTEK PHARMACEUTICALS CORP President and Chief Executive Officer , Rudolf A. Baumgartner , M.D , INOTEK PHARMACEUTICALS CORP Executive Vice President and Chief Medical Officer , and Dale Ritter , INOTEK PHARMACEUTICALS CORP Vice President Finance .
Loan Agreement with Union Capital , LLC On March 3 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with Union Capital , LLC , pursuant to which Union provided Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company with an aggregate investment of $ 50,000 in consideration of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issuance of convertible promissory notes and common share purchase warrants .
On October 25 , 2010 , ORION FUTURES FUND LP , certain affiliates and Pinnacle Performance Limited , a special purpose vehicle ( SPV ) , were named as defendants in a purported class action in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York ( SDNY ) , styled Ge Dandong , et al .
Asterias and OncoCyte common stock trade on the NYSE MKT under the ticker symbols AST and OCX , respectively .
As used herein , the term Designated Representative of Sellers refers to Benjamin Snyder , vice president of DDR Corp. and the persons who are the property managers of the specified Properties as listed on Schedule 13.2 attached hereto .
When assessing the financial performance of SunOpta Inc. operating segments , SunOpta Inc. use an internal measure of operating income that excludes other income / expense items determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP .
Grace provided postretirement health care and life insurance benefits for retired employees of certain U.S. business units and certain divested business units .
Exports of certain of ENTEGRIS INC products are subject to export controls imposed by the U.S. Government and administered by the U.S. Departments of State and Commerce .
As a result , SEARS HOLDINGS CORP overall profitability is heavily impacted by SEARS HOLDINGS CORP fourth quarter operating results .
Mr. Kagan currently also serves on the boards of directors of the following public companies : Laredo Petroleum Holdings , Inc , MEG Energy Corp. and Targa Resources Corp , as well as the boards of several private companies .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Quarterly Report of County Bancorp , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Timothy J. Schneider , as President of County Bancorp , Inc , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Proxy materials for CYBEROPTICS CORP upcoming 2016 annual shareholders meeting to be held on May 20 , 2016 will be available electronically via the internet at the following address : http://www.idelivercommunications.com/proxy/cybe/. On March 14 , 2014 , CYBEROPTICS CORP acquired substantially all of the assets of Laser Design ,
KADANT INC results of operations were negatively affected by foreign currency translation in 2016 compared to 2015 , and KADANT INC expect KADANT INC results of operations to continue to be negatively affected in 2017 .
In addition , and as discussed above , if the positive trend in VALHI INC /DE/ Chemcials Segment s German operating results experienced during 2016 continues during 2017 , and VALHI INC /DE/ continue to reflect cumulative income in the most recent twelve consecutive quarters for VALHI INC /DE/ Chemcials Segment s German operations such that the sustainability of such positive trend - 33 - .
On December 6 , 2016 , EQUINIX INC entered into a transaction agreement with Verizon to acquire Verizon 's colocation services business at 24 data center sites located in the United States , Brazil and Colombia for a cash purchase price of $ 3,600.0 million .
In December 2014 , Cytosorbents Corp entered into a multi - country strategic partnership with Fresenius Medical Care AG Co KGaA ( Fresenius ) to commercialize the CytoSorb therapy .
In addition , PURE BIOSCIENCE , INC . granted Mr. Pfanzelter an award consisting of an option to purchase one million ( 1,000,000 ) shares of common stock .
Mr. Higdon served as President of Connecticut College from June 2006 to December 2013 and as President of the College of Charleston from October 2001 to June 2006 .
Exhibit 32.2 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES - OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Vicor Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , James A. Simms , Chief Financial Officer of VICOR CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of InnerScope Hearing Technologies , Inc. ( the Company ) for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Matthew Moore , Chief Executive Officer , and Kimberly Moore , Chief Financial Officer , of INNERSCOPE HEARING TECHNOLOGIES , INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of my knowledge : .
As described above , Antero Midstream Partners LP do not maintain individual employment agreements , severance agreements or change in control agreements with Antero Midstream Partners LP Named Executive Officers ; however , the unvested units in Holdings granted to Messrs. Rady , Warren , Schopp and McNeilly could be affected by the termination of their employment or the occurrence of certain corporate events .
This was primarily driven by expenditures on leasehold improvements and equipment associated with the expansion of LEMAITRE VASCULAR INC Burlington , Massachusetts manufacturing operations .
Mr. David Estus , then AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS INC sole officer and director , incurred more than $ 50,000 in developing or acquiring the intangible and tangible assets for which AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS INC valued at $ 24,000 .
STK San Diego will operate a restaurant known as STK in the Andaz Hotel in San Diego , California .
Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc. operations are regulated and licensed by various federal and state agencies in the United States and similar governmental agencies in foreign countries in which Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc. operate .
The gross revenues from the sale of China Green Agriculture , Inc. agricultural products for the fiscal years ended June 30 , 2017 , 2016 , and 2015 , were $ 8,517,231 , $ 8,406,663 , and $ 4,323,514 , respectively , representing 3.0 % , 1.6 % , and 1.6 % of China Green Agriculture , Inc. total revenues , respectively .
Termination by us Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason If Mr. Yoder s employment is terminated ( i ) by us without cause or ( ii ) by him for good reason , then PIERIS PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . must pay Mr. Yoder ( i ) the Accrued Obligations earned through the date of termination , ( ii ) a lump - sum payment comprised of ( a ) an amount equal to 12 months of his base salary at the time of his termination , and ( b ) a pro rata portion of the bonus for the year in which the termination occurs , based on year - to - date performance as determined by the Board of Directors , or a committee thereof , in its sole discretion , and ( iii ) an amount equal to his health insurance premium , paid directly or as a reimbursement to Mr. Yoder , for up to a maximum of 12 months .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Nova Lifestyle , Inc. ( the Company ) for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Thanh H. Lam , Chairperson and Chief Executive Officer of Nova Lifestyle , Inc , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
SECOND SIGHT MEDICAL PRODUCTS INC began selling SECOND SIGHT MEDICAL PRODUCTS INC products in Europe in 2011 , Saudi Arabia in 2012 , the United States and Canada in 2014 , Turkey in 2015 , and Taiwan in 2017 .
On May 5 , 2010 , Wowio Texas entered into an asset purchase agreement with Platinum pursuant to which Platinum agreed to transfer to Wowio , Inc , all of the ownership interests in the assets , including related websites , of Drunk Duck ( the Duck ) in exchange for total consideration of $ 1,000,000 in cash of which $ 350,000 of such amount had been previously paid , $ 150,000 was due from July 2010 October 2010 and $ 500,000 is to be paid in quarterly installments equal to a minimum of 10 % of net revenue derived from the purchased assets .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of PBF Energy Inc. ( PBF Energy ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Thomas J. Nimbley , Chief Executive Officer of PBF Energy , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
For example , the IRS recently issued us a formal assessment relating to transfer pricing with Facebook Inc foreign subsidiaries in conjunction with the examination of the 2010 tax year , and although Facebook Inc disagree with the IRS 's position and are contesting this issue , the ultimate resolution is uncertain and , if resolved in a manner unfavorable to us , may adversely affect Facebook Inc financial results .
GCP Applied Technologies Inc. sponsor defined benefit pension plans for GCP Applied Technologies Inc. employees in the U.S , the U.K , and a number of other countries , and fund government - sponsored programs in other countries where GCP Applied Technologies Inc. operate .
Ascent Solar Technologies , Inc. has agreed to supply PV products to SPCL for incorporation into EnerPlex branded products that may be designed , manufactured and marketed by SPCL in the future .
As of December 31 , 2014 , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC classified the assets and liabilities of Triangle Sign Service , LLC ( Triangle ) as held for sale , however it is no longer SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC intent to divest of Triangle and therefore the assets and liabilities are not classified as held for sale as of December 31 , 2015 .
Therefore , had a termination of employment because of disability occurred on December 31 , 2015 , each of Blackstone Group L.P. named executive officers would have vested in the numbers of deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units set forth in the paragraph immediately above , having the values set forth above , but Mr. Hill would not have immediately vested in his 166,537 unvested deferred restricted common units , which represent the premium portion of his deferred restricted common units .
Odysseas Kostas , M.D. ( age 42 ) Dr. Kostas has been a director of ENZON PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . company since September 25 , 2013 .
In connection with Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust V , Inc. initial capitalization , Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust V , Inc. issued 22,471 shares of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust V , Inc. common stock and 1,000 shares of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust V , Inc. convertible stock to Behringer on January 19 , 2007 .
From 1997 to 1999 , Mr. Peters was a managing director of a private investment fund , and from 1995 to 1997 he served as an executive vice president at Duke Energy Field Services / PanEnergy Field Services Inc , responsible for natural gas gathering , processing and storage operations .
SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC , and SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC eligible subsidiaries , file a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return .
Given that publicly offered financing would be unavailable before LSB INDUSTRIES INC had defined the cost estimates and the release of LSB INDUSTRIES INC 2015 third quarter results and would probably be unavailable even after those events , LSB INDUSTRIES INC options were either to obtain other financing solutions in order for us to .
AOXING PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY , INC . 's Chinese subsidiaries are governed by the Income Tax Law of the People 's Republic of China concerning private - run enterprises , which are generally subject to tax at a statutory rate of 25 % on income reported in the statutory financial statements after appropriate tax adjustments .
David Ludwig , President , National Loan Exchange Inc. ( NLEX ) .
On November 30 , 2014 , ARK RESTAURANTS CORP s lease at the Shake Burger located at the Venetian Casino Resort in Las Vegas , NV expired .
If GENCO SHIPPING & TRADING LTD revenues and expenses for the third quarter were to remain at such levels , GENCO SHIPPING & TRADING LTD anticipate that GENCO SHIPPING & TRADING LTD aggregate excess cash flow would exceed $ 10 million as early as the fourth quarter of 2017 and excess cash would be payable under the cash sweep during the fourth quarter of 2017 .
Plaintiffs claim to be allottees , members of the Navajo Nation , who pursuant to the Dawes Act of 1887 , were allotted ownership in land carved out of the Navajo Nation and allege that defendants , including PNM , are rights - of - way grantees with rights - of - way across the allotted lands and are either in trespass or have paid insufficient fees for the grant of rights - of - way or both .
In connection with the quarterly report of Zoned Properties , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarterly period ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Bryan McLaren , Chief Executive Officer and President of Zoned Properties , Inc , and I , Adam Wasserman , Chief Financial Officer of Zoned Properties , Inc , certify to the best of Zoned Properties , Inc. knowledge : .
For the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , Long Island Iced Tea Corp. incurred expenses of $ 18,000 and $ 30,000 , respectively , related to an entity whose majority shareholder is Eric Watson , who beneficially owned approximately 14.4 % of Long Island Iced Tea Corp. as of September 30 , 2017 .
DAKTRONICS INC /SD/ are currently evaluating the effect that adopting ASU 2017 - 04 will have on DAKTRONICS INC /SD/ consolidated results of operations , cash flows , and financial position .
Additionally , water treatment costs , particularly at MOSAIC CO Florida operations , due to high water balances tend to increase significantly following excess rainfall from hurricanes or other adverse weather .
Union Electric Steel Corporation is headquartered in Carnegie , Pennsylvania with three manufacturing facilities in Pennsylvania , one in Indiana and one in Ohio .
A default under any of these obligations that are secured by the pledged shares could cause a foreclosure with respect to such shares of Revlon , Inc. 's Class A Common Stock , Products Corporation 's common stock or stock of intermediate holding companies between Revlon , Inc. and MacAndrews Forbes .
In addition , Dr. Frank has served as Vice President of Timber Hill LLC since December 1990 .
SOUTHERN COPPER CORP/ also operate a smelter and refinery west of the Toquepala and Cuajone mines in the coastal city of Ilo , Peru .
LinnCo , LLC s only significant asset is its interest in LINN Energy units and LinnCo , LLC s cash flow , which was historically used to pay dividends to LinnCo , LLC s shareholders , is completely dependent upon the ability of LINN Energy to make distributions to its unitholders .
For example , OCWEN FINANCIAL CORP could be required to transfer all of OCWEN FINANCIAL CORP mortgage servicing in Massachusetts and OCWEN FINANCIAL CORP could be required to cease mortgage servicing in Rhode Island .
Joan Carty in 2014 , to serve as a public interest director , based on her experience serving as president and chief executive officer of Housing Development Fund , a Stamford , Connecticut - based CDFI that finances multifamily housing , lends directly to low- and moderate - income households for first - time purchases , and provides homeownership counseling , homebuyer education , and foreclosure - intervention counseling ; .
The decrease in administrative expenses by $ 48,473 or 66 % , during the year ended September 30 , 2015 , enabled us to book more efficiently and were able to reduce AXIOM HOLDINGS , INC . loss from operations .
In addition , the unpredictability of the Trump administration and the general inability of the US Congress to make progress on any substantive policy priorities weighed on the US currency .
On September 2 , 2014 , CPI Card Group Inc , through its wholly - owned subsidiary , CPI Acquisition , Inc , purchased EFT Source , Inc.
On July 17 , 2017 , INVENTURE FOODS , INC . also entered into the ABL Second Amendment with Wells Fargo and the Wells Fargo Lenders , pursuant to which the Wells Fargo Lenders granted INVENTURE FOODS , INC .
Edward H. Ross , FIDUS INVESTMENT Corp Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , and Thomas C. Lauer , FIDUS INVESTMENT Corp President , are managers of Fidus Investment Advisors , LLC .
Pursuant to the arrangement agreement , VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Silanis for an aggregate purchase price of $ 75,000 .
On June 10 , 2014 Paragon Waste ( UK ) Ltd ( Paragon UK , UK Joint Venture ) , was formed in accordance with the laws of Northern Ireland .
Executive Vice President of Operations Paul Strasen .
For each performance year , CMS shall pay APAACO in accordance with the alternative payment mechanism , if any , for which CMS has approved APAACO ; the risk arrangement for which APAACO has been approved by CMS ; and as otherwise provided in the Participation Agreement .
Packaging 's gross profit decreased approximately $ 2.2 million to $ 57.9 million , or 34.1 % of sales , in the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , as compared to $ 60.1 million , or 35.7 % of sales , in the six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Equifax Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Richard F. Smith , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of EQUIFAX INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ,
Ms. Henry served as a director of North American Galvanizing and Coatings , Inc. until its acquisition in 2010 by AZZ Incorporated , of Inco Limited until its acquisition in 2006 by CVRD , and of Cliffs Natural Resources , Inc. until 2014 .
Based upon POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s current credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank , National Association , using POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s balances and interest rates as of December 31 , 2015 , and holding other variables constant , an increase by a factor of 10 of the interest rates for the next 12 month period charged by the bank to POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . would decrease POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s pre - tax earnings and cash flow by approximately $ 179,000 .
Prior to that , Mr. Tsai was the R D assistant manager in Young Fast Optoelectronics Co , Ltd. Ying - Chien Lin , Chairman , President and Director .
Bazaarvoice Inc expenses are generally denominated in the currencies of the countries in which Bazaarvoice Inc operations are located , with Bazaarvoice Inc most significant operations at present located in the United States , the United Kingdom , Germany , France , Australia and Sweden .
David Markowski , Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
Energy Corp. ( collectively with its subsidiaries referred to as US ENERGY CORP or U.S. Energy ) was incorporated in the State of Wyoming on January 26 , 1966 .
INC former officer and Martin Shkreli , KALOBIOS PHARMACEUTICALS INC former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
Rasna Therapeutics Inc. believe that Dr Dalla - Favera 's medical experience and scientific background make him well qualified to serve as a director on Rasna Therapeutics Inc. board .
On November 20 , 2013 , in a secondary offering of Lumos Networks Corp. s common stock , Quadrangle Capital Partners LP .
The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by Mr. Rivera , ALPHA NETWORK ALLIANCE VENTURES INC . President , Secretary , Treasurer and Director , who also serves as ALPHA NETWORK ALLIANCE VENTURES INC . principal financial officer and principal accounting officer , in connection with the review of ALPHA NETWORK ALLIANCE VENTURES INC . financial statements as of December 31 , 2016 .
Syros Pharmaceuticals , Inc. are highly dependent on the pharmaceutical research and development and business development expertise of Nancy Simonian , M.D , Syros Pharmaceuticals , Inc. president and chief executive officer ; Eric R. Olson , Ph . D , Syros Pharmaceuticals , Inc. chief scientific officer ; Gerald E. Quirk , Esq , Syros Pharmaceuticals , Inc. chief legal and administrative officer ; and David A. Roth , M.D , Syros Pharmaceuticals , Inc. chief medical officer .
The agreement expired in December 2016 , and effective January 2017 REGENXBIO Inc. entered into a new Professional Services Agreement with FOXKISER , which has a term of one year and is terminable by either party , at any time , upon 60 days prior written notice to the other party .
Effective January 1 , 2015 , Cullimore also is President of the Micro 3D Printing and Packaging Division , which serves packaging customers and display original equipment manufacturer ( OEM ) partners with products such as KODAK FLEXCEL NX Systems and Plates , legacy packaging solutions , and touch sensor films .
While Guidewire Software , Inc. continue to evaluate the impact this guidance will have on Guidewire Software , Inc. financial condition and results of operations , any change in how Guidewire Software , Inc. recognize revenues can have a significant impact on Guidewire Software , Inc. quarterly or annual financial results from operations .
On June 30 , 2016 , ORASURE TECHNOLOGIES INC mutually agreed to an early termination of this agreement with AbbVie effective December 31 , 2016 .
Mr. Cowle has been a director and former CEO of US Rare Earths , Inc. ( Delaware ) , a company that U.S. Rare Earths , Inc. ( Nevada ) acquired in August 2011 , and its predecessor Thorium Energy , Inc , since 2007 .
Cytosorbents Corp products and product candidates will require significant additional research and testing , and Cytosorbents Corp will need to overcome significant regulatory burdens prior to commercialization in other countries , such as the U.S , and for ongoing compliance for Cytosorbents Corp CE Mark .
Dr. Harris is also the author of the widely respected textbook Trading and Exchanges : Market Microstructure for Practitioners .
In addition , if CPI Card Group Inc. are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act in a timely manner , if CPI Card Group Inc. are unable to assert that CPI Card Group Inc. internal controls over financial reporting are effective , or if CPI Card Group Inc. independent registered public accounting firm is not required to express an opinion due to the provisions of the JOBS Act or is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of CPI Card Group Inc. internal controls over financial reporting , investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of CPI Card Group Inc. financial reports and the market price of CPI Card Group Inc. common stock could be negatively affected , and CPI Card Group Inc. could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which CPI Card Group Inc. common stock is listed , the SEC , or other regulatory authorities , which could require additional financial and management resources .
The majority of Pulse Biosciences , Inc. expense and capital purchasing activities are transacted in U.S. dollars .
Income tax expense in 2015 and 2014 reflects an increase in CYBEROPTICS CORP valuation allowances , state income tax expense and foreign income tax expense associated with CYBEROPTICS CORP subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and China .
Christine H. Yap , Managing Director and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , joined ICON Capital in May 2013 as a Senior Director of Accounting and Finance and was promoted to Principal Financial and Accounting Officer in September 2014 .
On March 28 , 2014 , in connection with the merger with and into Orbital Tracking Corp. s former subsidiary Great West Resources , Inc , each issued and outstanding share of Orbital Tracking Corp. s Series D Convertible Preferred Stock , par value $ 0.0001 per share , was converted into 1/150th shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock , par value $ 0.0001 per share , for a total of 6,666 issued and outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock .
China Auto Logistics Inc. ( the Company or China Auto ) operates through its wholly - owned subsidiary Ever Auspicious International Limited , a Hong Kong corporation ( HKCo . ) , and its wholly - owned subsidiary Tianjin Seashore New District Shisheng Business Trading Group Co. Ltd. ( Shisheng ) , a company established under the laws of the People s Republic of China ( PRC ) and Shisheng s wholly owned and majority owned subsidiary , Tianjin Hengjia Port Logistics Corp. ( Hengjia ) .
Lorenzo Delpani s Departure as President and Chief Executive Officer .
Certain states in which UNIT CORP operate , including Texas , Oklahoma , Kansas , Colorado , and Wyoming , have adopted , and other states are considering adopting , regulations that could impose more stringent permitting , public disclosure of fracking fluids , waste disposal , and well construction requirements on hydraulic - fracturing operations or otherwise seek to ban fracturing activities altogether .
Additionally , if Corium International , Inc. or others identify undesirable side effects , or other previously unknown problems , caused by Corium International , Inc. products , other products with the same or related active ingredients , or Corium International , Inc. or Corium International , Inc. partners product candidates , after obtaining U.S. regulatory approval , a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result , including : .
As of June 30 , 2017 , SOLITARIO ZINC CORP . have invested $ 9,733,000 in USTS with maturities of 15 days to 18 months .
Aiken , Robert M. Vice President and Controller , PHI , Pepco , DPL and ACE .
Planet Fitness Holdings , L.P. was formed in October 2014 and had no material assets , liabilities or operations , other than as a holding company owning indirect interests in Pla - Fit Holdings .
Korean Private Placement On September 12 , 2016 , EMMAUS LIFE SCIENCES , INC . entered into Letter of Agreement with KPM Tech Co , Ltd. ( KPM ) and Hanil Vacuum Co , Ltd.
IEnova is included within SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO Sempra Mexico reportable segment , but is not the same in its entirety as the reportable segment .
On June 28 , 2013 , Connecticut Water entered into a settlement agreement with the Office of Consumer Council ( OCC ) and the Office of the Attorney General for the State of Connecticut ( the Settlement Agreement ) , whereby Connecticut Water adjusted the water rates charged to its customers effective April 1 , 2014 in accordance with the elements of the Settlement Agreement ( the Connecticut Water Rate Reduction Plan ) .
Sheboygan Falls lease expenses were included in WPL s income statements as follows ( in millions ): .
On October 8 , 2015 , Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc. issued 1,667 shares of Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc. common stock to David Spreng , Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc. President , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Runway Growth Credit Fund Inc. Board of Directors , for an aggregate purchase price of $ 25,000 .
VALHI INC /DE/ earnings are subject to income tax in various U.S. and non - U.S. jurisdictions , and the income tax rates applicable to VALHI INC /DE/ pre - tax earnings ( losses ) of VALHI INC /DE/ non - U.S. operations is generally lower than the income tax rates applicable to VALHI INC /DE/ U.S. operations .
Following the Sunrise Acquisition , SunOpta Inc. operate a processing facility in Mexico and are subject to Mexican regulations , including regulations regarding processing , packaging and sales of food products , labor relations and profit - sharing with employees .
To IMPAC MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC knowledge , based solely on review of the copies of such reports furnished to us during the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2016 , all Section 16(a ) filing requirements applicable to IMPAC MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC executive officers , directors and greater than 10 % stockholders were satisfied by such persons except for the following : Richard Pickup filed eight late Form 4 reports for 15 transactions and Todd M. Pickup filed one late Form 4 for one transaction .
The businesses CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT acquire in the future may not achieve sales and profitability that would justify CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT investment and any difficulties CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT encounter in the integration process , including the integration of controls necessary for internal control and financial reporting , could interfere with CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT operations , reduce CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT operating margins and adversely affect CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT internal controls .
On November 30 , 2015 , ARK RESTAURANTS CORP s lease at the V - Bar located at the Venetian Casino Resort in Las Vegas , NV expired .
In determining that Mr. Weil should serve as a director of JANUS CAPITAL GROUP INC , the Board of Directors believes that the CEO of JANUS CAPITAL GROUP INC should be a member of the Board of Directors and identified Mr. Weil 's extensive business and legal experience in the investment management industry ; his general executive management experience as a senior executive officer at PIMCO ; and as a lawyer at Simpson Thacher Bartlett LLP .
In March 2016 , Enova International , Inc. launched a program with a state - chartered bank where Enova International , Inc. provide technology , loan servicing and marketing services to the bank in 15 states and Washington D.C. in the United States as of September 30 , 2017 .
FTI CONSULTING INC financing activities for 2013 included cash outflows of $ 6.0 million for the repayment of long - term debt , $ 66.7 million in cash used to purchase and retire 1,956,900 shares of FTI CONSULTING INC s common stock pursuant to the 2012 Repurchase Program , partially offset by the $ 29.4 million received from the issuance of common stock under equity compensation plans .
In connection with the Purchase Agreement and the Financing Agreement , TELOS CORP terminated TELOS CORP revolving credit facility ( the " Facility " ) with Wells Fargo Capital Finance , LLC ( " Wells Fargo " ) , effective as of July 15 , 2016 , prior to its maturity date of April 1 , 2017 , and repaid all amounts outstanding under the Facility ; other than ( 1 ) the obligations of TELOS CORP under the Facility and related loan documents with respect to letters of credits and fees , charges , costs and expenses related thereto , ( 2 ) the obligations of TELOS CORP under the Facility and related loan documents to reimburse Wells Fargo for costs and expenses that may become due and payable after the date of the termination of the Facility , and ( 3 ) any customary contingent indemnification obligations .
On September 16 , 2015 , PowerComm Holdings Inc. issued 20,000,000 shares of its common stock to David Kwasnik , at a purchase price equal to $ 0.0001 per share , as part of a change in control .
Dur ing the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , Broadstone Net Lease , Inc. raised $ 79.2 million and $ 249.6 million , respectively , in equity capital to be used in Broadstone Net Lease , Inc. acquisition activities , including distributions reinvested through Broadstone Net Lease , Inc. DRIP and properties exchanged for m embership units in the Operating Company through UPREIT transactions .
The functional currency for the majority of QUINSTREET , INC s foreign subsidiaries is the U.S. dollar .
Chairman This annual report has also been signed below by David M. Velazquez , Attorney - in - Fact , on behalf of the following Directors on the date indicated : .
The components of Snap - on s trade and other accounts receivable as of July 1 , 2017 , and December 31 , 2016 , are as follows : Finance and Contract Receivables Snap - on Credit LLC ( SOC ) , SNAP - ON Inc s financial services operation in the United States , originates extended - term finance and contract receivables on sales of Snap - on s products sold through the U.S. franchisee and customer network and to certain other customers of Snap - on ; Snap - on s foreign finance subsidiaries provide similar financing internationally .
During 2015 , ENTEGRIS INC s operating activities provided cash flow of $ 121 million .
In determining the appropriate compensation package for Mr. Taylor , the Compensation Committee reviewed and considered market - based data for chief executive officers , as well as compensation for individuals serving as interim chief executive officers , for publicly traded companies in comparable situations .
The consideration for this assignment was not recorded because it cured a defect in intellectual property originally acquired by Ambient Water Corp 's subsidiary , Ambient Water , Inc. fka AWG International , Inc. Director Independence .
Prior to forming Carlyle in 1987 , Mr. D Aniello was the Vice President for Finance and Development at Marriott Corporation for eight years .
Mr. Ludwig joined Heritage Global Inc. when HGI acquired NLEX in June 2014 .
BANCSHARES INC s Form 8 - K filed on December 19 , 2008 ) .
CELGENE CORP /DE/ expect the implementation of this standard to have an impact on CELGENE CORP /DE/ consolidated financial statements and related disclosures as CELGENE CORP /DE/ had aggregate future minimum lease payments of approximately $ 213 million as of December 31 , 2016 under CELGENE CORP /DE/ current portfolio of non - cancelable leased office and research facilities with various expirations dates between 2017 and 2025 as included in CELGENE CORP /DE/ 2016
Entergy Corporation , Entergy Arkansas , Entergy Louisiana , Entergy Mississippi , Entergy New Orleans , Entergy Texas , and System Energy .
Global Solutions purchased transportation costs increased by $ 16.3 million , or 7.1 % , to $ 245.6 million in 2015 from $ 229.3 million in 2014 , and increased as a percentage of Global Solutions revenues to 74.4 % in 2015 from 73.7 % in 2014 .
SEARS HOLDINGS CORP operate a national network of stores with 1,672 full - line and specialty retail stores in the United States operating through Kmart and Sears .
All outstanding shares have been restated to reflect the effect of the Business Combination , which includes a 67.1522 for 1 issuance of AWG International Water Corporation shares to AWG International , Inc. shareholders .
Thomas J. Shaw , RETRACTABLE TECHNOLOGIES INC President and Chief Executive Officer , has investment or voting power over a total of 51.6 % of the outstanding Common Stock .
In setting the actual amount of executive officers ' AICP awards , GCP Applied Technologies Inc. have the discretion to reduce , but not increase , the amount of the EAICP incentive pool and the amounts , based on the EAICP incentive pool , of individual AICP payments to executive officers .
FTI CONSULTING INC results are subject to seasonal and similar factors , such as during the fourth quarter when FTI CONSULTING INC professionals and FTI CONSULTING INC clients take vacations .
Mr. Rogers has also served on the Finance Committee of the Young Presidents Organization since March 2009 and as Audit Committee Chairman from July 2010 to July 2012 .
Prior to that , Mr. Loy served as the Chief Information Officer of Millipore Corporation during 1999 and 2000 .
Amedica Corporation was incorporated in the state of Delaware on December 10 , 1996 .
As of June 30 , 2017 , NexPoint Capital , Inc. held the following investments for which a sufficient level of current , reliable market quotations were not available : As of December 31 , 2016 , NexPoint Capital , Inc. held the following investments for which a sufficient level of current , reliable market quotations were not available : NexPoint Capital , Inc. values the TRS in accordance with the agreement ( the TRS Agreement ) with BNP Paribas ( BNP Paribas ) that establish the TRS .
Non - Americas , which consists of DUN & BRADSTREET CORP / NW operations in the United Kingdom ( U.K. ) , Greater China , India and DUN & BRADSTREET CORP / NW European and Asia Pacific Worldwide Network ( we divested DUN & BRADSTREET CORP / NW operations in both the Netherlands and Belgium ( Benelux ) in November 2016 and DUN & BRADSTREET CORP / NW Australian operations in June 2015 ) .
Ashford Inc , through Ashford LLC and Ashford Inc. 100 % ownership interest in AIM General Partner , LLC , own approximately 60 % of Performance Holdco , and Mr. Monty J. Bennett , Ashford Inc. chief executive officer and chairman of Ashford Inc. board of directors , and Mr. J. Robison Hays , III , Ashford Inc. chief strategy officer and a member of Ashford Inc. board of directors , own , in the aggregate , 40 % of Performance Holdco .
Tyco Electronics Group S.A. Tyco Electronics Group S.A. ( " TEGSA " ) , a Luxembourg company and TE Connectivity Ltd. 100%-owned subsidiary , is a holding company that owns , directly or indirectly , all of TE Connectivity Ltd. operating subsidiaries .
Griffin Capital is the sponsor or co - sponsor of several public , non - listed real estate investment trusts and a 1940 Act interval fund , including : GCEAR and GCEAR II , of which Mr. Shields is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , and GAHR III and GAHR IV for which Mr. Shields serves as a Board of Directors observer , and GIREX , of which Mr. Shields is the president and trustee .
From 1989 - 2000 , Mr. Brausen held several financial management positions , including Vice President and Treasurer , Assistant Controller and Director of Investor Relations , with International Multifoods Corporation , a diversified publicly - traded food processor and distributor .
products , such as due to inclement weather conditions or other delays or difficulties such as those discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors - " The Company depends on its Oxford , North Carolina facility for production of a substantial portion of REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's products within the Consumer segment .
I , Andrew S. Marsh , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Entergy Texas , Inc. ( the " Company " ) , certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
The following table sets forth Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. consolidated indebtedness as of December 31 , 201 5 ( $ in thousands ): .
Prior to HP , Clarke was the Chief Financial Officer of Compaq Computer , which he joined in 1998 following the merger of Compaq with Digital Equipment Corporation ( DEC ) .
Prior to his 14 years at Gen - Probe and Hologic , Mr. Herde also served in multiple management roles in finance for Gateway , a global computer and technology company , and was an Audit Manager for KPMG LLP .
In the ordinary course of business , Stealth Air Corp. have made a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of results of operations and financial condition in the preparation of Stealth Air Corp. financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) .
Mr. Keene has been employed by AEI Fund Management , Inc. and affiliated entities since 1986 .
Pfizer Inc. In December 2014 , Opko Health , Inc. entered into an exclusive worldwide agreement with Pfizer Inc. ( Pfizer ) for the development and commercialization of Opko Health , Inc. long - acting hGH - CTP for the treatment of growth hormone deficiency ( GHD ) in adults and children , as well as for the treatment of growth failure in children born small for gestational age ( SGA ) ( the Pfizer Transaction ) .
From June 2007 to January 2014 , Mr. McNeil served as Vice President Houston Division Operations .
the risk that the Chapter 11 Cases will disrupt or impede PEABODY ENERGY CORP international operations , including PEABODY ENERGY CORP business operations in Australia .
The decrease from the 2017 capital expenditures projected in ALLETE INC 2016 Form 10 - K is primarily due to approximately $ 65 million of lower expected capital expenditures for the GNTL .
If Wike Corp. sell at least 75 % shares in this offering , Wike Corp. intend to hire one salesperson for a half working with good knowledge and connections in the production of ornamental ribbons and printing distribution area to introduce Wike Corp. product also in the event of all shares are sold from this offering Wike Corp. are going to hire assistant , with terms of work half a day , for Wike Corp. sole officer and director Corina Safaler for operating of two printing machine in addition to sales person .
Because of the timing of the IPO and the Formation Transactions , the results of operations for the year ended December 31 , 2013 reflect Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. results together with those of Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. Predecessor .
As security for the loan agreements , Zensun pledged its entire equity interest in its subsidiary Shanghai Dongxin Biochemical Technology Co. Ltd. ( whose assets include real property ) to us .
China Xuefeng Environmental Engineering Inc. ( the " Company " ) , formerly known as NYC Moda Inc , was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on March 30 , 2011 .
On May 30 , 2013 , NANOVIRICIDES , INC . entered into an Employment Agreement with Meeta Vyas to serve as its Chief Financial Officer .
On September 11 , 2016 , Clean Energy Technologies , Inc. issued 150,000 shares of common stock at $ .05 per share for Board of Director compensation to each of Kam Mahdi Clean Energy Technologies , Inc. Chief Executive officer , Robert Young , Shervin Talieh , Kevin Scott , Juhani Taskinen , and John Bennett Clean Energy Technologies , Inc. Chief Financial Officer .
Sientra , Inc. may prepay all of the outstanding balance prior to the maturity date provided Sientra , Inc. pays Midcap a prepayment fee .
Prior to joining us , Ms. Grove served as Corporate Vice Chairman from February 2003 to June 2011 for Macys , Inc , and as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer from December 1999 to February 2009 .
Dr. Stoll in the past also served on the boards of Questcor and Agensys , HIMA and PMA ( now PhRMA ) .
Net cash used by WASTE MANAGEMENT INC other investing activities of $ 58 million and $ 81 million during 2014 and 2013 , respectively , was primarily associated with the funding of notes receivable associated with Wheelabrator s investments in the U.K , prior to the sale of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC Wheelabrator business in December 2014 .
The University of California Family Camp located in Pinecrest , California .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Allison Transmission Holdings , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ending March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Allison Transmission Holdings Inc , Lawrence E. Dewey , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company , and David S. Graziosi , President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Allison Transmission Holdings Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
It is anticipated that cash from operations will fund TECHNICAL COMMUNICATIONS CORP near - term research and development and marketing activities at least through July 1 , 2018 .
Kathy Lockhart Vice President and Controller ( principal accounting officer ) March 1 , 2016 /s/
In his capacity as a producer , Mr. Matondi produced the feature film Calvin Marshall , starring Steve Zahn , Alex Frost , Jeremy Sumpter , Jane Adams , Michelle Lombardo and Diedrich Bader .
Mr. Konersmann holds voting and investment power over any pecuniary interests in shares of Sputnik Enterprises , Inc held by Sport Venture Group , LLC .
Due to the nature of franchising and CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . agreements with BKC , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . success is , to a large extent , directly related to the success of the Burger King system including its financial condition , advertising programs , new products , overall quality of operations and the successful and consistent operation of Burger King restaurants owned by other franchisees .
CYCLONE POWER TECHNOLOGIES INC has employment agreements with Harry Schoell , Chairman and CTO ( previously , CEO ) , at $ 150,000 per year and Frankie Fruge , President , at $ 120,000 per year ; ( collectively , the Executives ) .
Pursuant to Section 10.08 of this Agreement , I , Daniel Bober , Executive Vice President of Commercial Mortgage Services do hereby certify that : .
On June 15 , 2017 , ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC entered into a convertible note purchase agreement with Pharmstandard , pursuant to which ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC agreed to issue and sell to Pharmstandard a convertible secured promissory note in the original principal amount of $ 6.0 million in a private placement .
WITNESSETH WHEREAS , BREP Edens Associates L.P. was formed as a Delaware limited partnership on October 17 , 2013 ; WHEREAS , the General Partner and the Initial Limited Partner entered into a Limited Partnership Agreement dated as of October 17 , 2013 ( the Original Agreement WHEREAS , the parties hereto now wish to amend and restate the Original Agreement in its entirety as hereinafter set forth , including to reflect the withdrawal of the Initial Limited Partner ; NOW , THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein made and intending to be legally bound , the parties hereto hereby agree that the Original Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows : Section 1.1 .
Exhibit 10.2 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 10 - Q filed November 7 , 2011 .
Executive _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ employment with Ross effective _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
Fortive Corp effective tax rate for 2017 and 2016 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35 % due principally to Fortive Corp earnings outside the United States that are indefinitely reinvested and taxed at rates lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate and the impact of credits and deductions provided by law .
From 2005 to January 2008 , Dr. Kochendoerfer served as Senior Director , Drug Development at FibroGen , Inc.
PERKINELMER INC Discovery Analytical Solutions segment revenue was $ 361.8 million for the three months ended April 2 , 2017 , as compared to $ 356.4 million for the three months ended April 3 , 2016 , an increase of $ 5.3 million , or 1 % , primarily due to an increase of $ 8.8 million from PERKINELMER INC laboratory services market revenue and an increase of $ 1.9 million from PERKINELMER INC environmental , food and industrial markets revenue , partially offset by a decrease of $ 5.3 million from PERKINELMER INC life sciences market revenue .
Prior to MOSAIC CO formation , Mr. Mack was a Senior Attorney in Cargill s worldwide law department and a co - founder of Cargill s venture capital business unit .
The discount rate assumption CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT use to value CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT pension and post - retirement benefit obligations has a material impact on the amount of expense CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT record in a given period .
Mr. Shaw joined Marriott in 1974 and held various positions , including Corporate Controller , Corporate Vice President , Senior Vice President - Finance , Treasurer , Chief Financial Officer , Executive Vice President , and President of Marriott Service Group .
As a result , AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES INC consolidated U.S. dollar financial statements are subject to fluctuations due to changes in exchange rates as the financial results of AKAMAI TECHNOLOGIES INC international subsidiaries are translated from local currencies into U.S. dollars .
With respect to Dr. Goldenberg , the Compensation Committee determined that Dr. Goldenberg achieved his performance goals by advancing IMMUNOMEDICS INC pipeline of therapeutic product candidates and discovering and developing new product candidates and technologies , including expanding the number of active U.S. patents to approximately 310 .
As of June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , Benefit Street Partners Realty Trust , Inc.
If Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement with GBA , Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. will be required to repay GBA all reimbursements funded by GBA within three years of the date of termination , subject to the limitation that organization and offering costs will only be repaid up to 1.5 % of gross proceeds .
Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer David B. Rottino .
Mr. Thompson currently serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of America s Christian Credit Union .
First Capital Investment Corp were formed on June 19 , 2014 and did not commence operations until First Capital Investment Corp satisfied the minimum offering requirement on February 16 , 2017 .
In connection with this Quarterly Report of CANNABICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC . ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ending February 28 , 2017 , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Uri Ben Or , Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer ) of Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc , certify to the best of my knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
Prior to joining Adobe , Mr. Thompson served as Senior Vice President of Worldwide Sales at Borland Software Corporation , a software delivery optimization solutions provider , from October 2003 to December 2006 .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Intellia Therapeutics , Inc. ( the Company ) for the period ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , each of the undersigned , Nessan Bermingham , Ph . D , President and Chief Executive Officer of Intellia Therapeutics , Inc , and Graeme Bell , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Intellia Therapeutics , Inc , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ( section ) 1350 , as adopted pursuant to ( section ) 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of his knowledge : ( 1 )
On July 1 , 2011 , Medidata Solutions , Inc. acquired Clinical Force Limited ( " Clinical Force " ) , a UK - based provider of cloud - based clinical trial management systems ( " CTMS " ) .
As determined annually by Boardwalk Pipeline Partners , LP Board of Directors ( Board ) , the Named Executive Officers that are discussed within this section for 2016 include Mr. Stanley C. Horton , Boardwalk Pipeline Partners , LP President , Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and a director of BGL ( principal executive officer ) , Mr. Jamie L. Buskill , Boardwalk Pipeline Partners , LP Senior Vice President , Chief Financial and Administrative Officer and Treasurer ( CFO ) ( principal financial officer ) , and Boardwalk Pipeline Partners , LP two other executive officers , Mr. Michael E. McMahon , Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary and Mr. Jonathan E. Nathanson , Senior Vice President , Corporate Development .
Stephen Gillings , Chief Financial Officer of QuantumSphere , Inc , certify that : .
During the year ended December 31 , 2016 , Sears Holdings terminated the Master Lease with respect to 17 stores totaling 1.7 million square feet of gross leasable area and , in January 2017 , provided notice that it intended to exercise its right to terminate the Master Lease with respect to an additional 19 stores totaling 1.9 million square feet of gross leasable area .
------ -------------------------- James Cassidy 81 President , Secretary , Director James McKillop 	   57 Vice President , Director .
The condensed parent company financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12 - 04 , Schedule I of Regulation S - X as the restricted net assets of Wonhe High - Tech International , Inc. s PRC subsidiaries exceed 25 % of the consolidated net assets of Wonhe High - Tech International , Inc. On May 30 , 2012 , Shengshihe Consulting , a subsidiary of Wonhe High - Tech International , Inc. ( the Company ) and Shenzhen Wonhe and its shareholders , Youliang Wang , Qing Tong , Jingwu Li and Nanfang Tong ( together referred to as Shenzhen Wonhe Shareholders ) entered into a series of agreements known as variable interest agreements ( the VIE Agreements ) pursuant to which Shenzhen Wonhe became Shengshihe Consulting s contractually controlled affiliate .
For example , in the United States , the FDA could possibly take the position that claims made for some of INTEGRATED BIOPHARMA INC products classify those products as new drugs requiring pre - approval by the FDA .
Included in FALCONSTOR SOFTWARE INC operating results for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 was severance expense of $ 0.8 million and $ 0.6 million , respectively .
Com as of April 30 , 2017 and 2016 , and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
Robert J. Durian Robert J. Durian Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer .
( 1 ) General . PacifiCorp , which includes PacifiCorp and its subsidiaries , is a United States regulated electric utility company serving retail customers , including residential , commercial , industrial , irrigation and other customers in portions of Utah , Oregon , Wyoming , Washington , Idaho and California .
In January 2013 , MOSAIC CO settled these class action antitrust lawsuits for an aggregate of $ 43.8 million .
Market Rate Option , a market - based plan that a utility may file with PUCO to establish SSO rates pursuant to Ohio law Mark to Market Miami Valley Insurance Company , a wholly - owned insurance subsidiary of DPL that provides insurance services to DPL and its subsidiaries and , in some cases , insurance services to partner companies related to jointly - owned facilities operated by DP L Megawatt MWh Megawatt - hour Net asset value National Ambient Air Quality Standards North American Electric Reliability Corporation Non - bypassable Charges that are assessed to all customers regardless of whom the customer selects as their retail electric generation supplier Notice of Violation NO x Nitrogen Oxide National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System New Source Performance Standards New York Mercantile Exchange Ohio EPA Ohio Environmental Protection Agency Over - The - Counter Ohio Valley Electric Corporation , an electric generating company in which DP L holds a 4.9 % equity interest PJM Interconnection , LLC , an RTO Public Utilities Commission of Ohio Reliability Pricing Model .
Dennis A. Muilenburg Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer .
Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. common stock is presently considered to be a penny stock and is subject to SEC rules and regulations that impose limitations upon the manner in which such shares may be publicly traded , and regulate broker - dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks .
On March 25 , 2015 , Medovex Corp. acquired Streamline , Inc. ( Streamline ) in exchange for the issuance of an aggregate of 1,875,000 shares of Medovex Corp. common stock ( 200,000 shares of which will be held in escrow for 18 months from March 25 , 2015 ) and approximately $ 1,397,000 of cash , which has been sent to the paying agent for distribution to Streamline shareholders .
The cost and fair value of the LLC equity interests in SLF JV I held by Fifth Street Finance Corp. was $ 16.2 million and $ 13.2 million , respectively , as of June 30 , 2017 , and $ 16.1 million and $ 13.7 million , respectively , as of September 30 , 2016 .
All VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC IP in VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC traditional authentication business is owned by two subsidiaries , one in the U.S. and one in Switzerland .
Fifth Street Holdings was formed on June 27 , 2014 by principals of FSM as a Delaware limited partnership .
The following sets forth information with respect to the compensation awarded or paid to Christopher Carmichael , UBIQUITY , INC . Chief Executive Officer and Co - Chairman , and Connie Jordan , UBIQUITY , INC . newly appointed Senior Executive Vice President of Intellectual Property and Transmedia , Brenden Garrison , UBIQUITY , INC . newly appointed Chief Financial Officer , and Bryan Harpole , a significant employee , for all services rendered in all capacities to us and UBIQUITY , INC . subsidiaries .
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( principal financial officer ) March 16 , 2016 Robert A. Schriesheim .
Under the terms of the agreement , JANEL CORP will pay Mr. Gonzalez an annual retainer of $ 40,000 for his service as a director of JANEL CORP and an annual salary of $ 90,000 .
As compared to the same period last year , Palo Alto Networks Inc effective tax rate changed primarily due to changes in Palo Alto Networks Inc foreign income taxed at other than U.S. rates and Palo Alto Networks Inc valuation allowance .
Effective February 20 , 2016 , Mr. Wu Ming Ding resigned all of his positions as President and Director of VERDE RESOURCES , INC . with Mr. Balakrishnan B S Muthu being appointed President to fill the vacancy created .
As of June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , the book value of KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT , Inc. s investment in the 110 William Joint Venture was $ 10.6 million and $ 70.5 million , respectively , which includes $ 1.5 million of unamortized acquisition fees and expenses incurred directly by the Company .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Alpine 4 Technologies Ltd. ( the " Company " ) for the quarter ending June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , Kent B. Wilson , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Alpine 4 Technologies Ltd , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ,
For the year ended December 31 , 2014 PHI settled time - based shares with a fair value totaling $ 3 million .
Mueller s operations are located throughout the United States and in Canada , Mexico , Great Britain , South Korea , and China .
Represents facility contract termination costs in connection with the shut down and closure of CPI Card Group Inc. Petersfield , United Kingdom operation .
To estimate the impact of these future payments and AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES INC decisions concerning funding of these obligations , AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES INC are required to make assumptions using actuarial concepts within the framework of accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.
PBF Energy s weighted - average equity interest in PBF LLC was 96.6 % and 95.2 % for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively .
SkyWest Leasing profit increased $ 6.8 million during the year ended December 31 , 2014 , compared to the year ended December 31 , 2013 , primarily due to the additional E175 aircraft revenue attributed to the ownership costs of the E175 aircraft earned under the applicable fixed - fee flying contract s and profitability offset by the E175 aircraft depreciation and interest expense .
Following Intersect ENT , Inc. IPO on July 23 , 2014 , the fair market value of Intersect ENT , Inc. common stock is determined based on the closing price of Intersect ENT , Inc. common stock on The NASDAQ Global Market .
For a discussion of RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC accounting policies regarding bank loans and allowances for losses , including the policies regarding loans held for investment , loans held for sale , off - balance sheet loan commitments , nonperforming assets , troubled debt restructurings ( TDRs ) , impaired loans , the allowance for loan losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments , and loan charge - off policies , see Note 2 on pages 117 121 of RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC 2016 Form 10 - K. RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC segregate RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC loan portfolio into six loan portfolio segments : C I , commercial real estate ( CRE ) , CRE construction , tax - exempt , residential mortgage , and SBL .
On February 13 , 2017 , SEATTLE GENETICS INC /WA were named a co - defendant in a lawsuit filed by venBio Select Advisors LLC , or venBio , in the Delaware Chancery Court against the members of the board of directors of Immunomedics pursuant to which , among other things , venBio seeks to enjoin the closing of the .
Edward K. Aldag , Jr. Edward K. Aldag , Jr. Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer of the sole member of the general partner of MPT Operating Partnership , L.P. Exhibit 31.4 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a ) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 I , R. Steven Hamner , certify that : .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of DuPont Fabros Technology , Inc. ( the Company ) for the period ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , DuPont Fabros Technology LP , Christopher P. Eldredge and Jeffrey H. Foster , President and Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer , respectively , of DuPont Fabros Technology LP , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to DuPont Fabros Technology LP knowledge : The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of DuPont Fabros Technology LP .
NightFood Holdings , Inc. Description of Business NightFood Holdings , Inc. ( the Company ) is a Nevada Corporation organized October 16 , 2013 to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of NightFood , Inc , a New York Corporation from its sole shareholder , Sean Folkson .
Immune Design Corp. also have entered into an exclusive license agreement with Sanofi for use of Immune Design Corp.
From October 2010 to July 2011 , Mr. Tao served as the President of Shanghai Interactive Television Co , Ltd. and Vice President of Shanghai Television Broadcasting Group Co , Ltd. where he had direct executive management duties in the areas of content acquisition , content production , technology and other services .
Mark A. Crosswhite Mark A. Crosswhite Chairman , President , and Chief Executive Officer /s/
Since 2010 , Mr. Pawluczuk has been the regional sales manager for Intersport , a chain of sporting goods stores throughout Europe .
As of November 3 , 2017 , Dell controlled 81.9 % of VMware s outstanding common stock and 97.6 % of the combined voting power of VMware s outstanding common stock , including 31 million shares of VMware s Class A common stock and all of VMware s Class B common stock .
HANGER , INC . net loss from the discontinued operations of Dosteon during the three months ended March 31 , 2014 was $ 3.7 million compared to a breakeven by these operations during the first three months of 2013 .
JOHN R. SCANNELL John R. Scannell Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
Exhibit 10.3 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 10 - Q filed November 9 , 2015 .
Ms. Panattoni has served as President , Merchandising , Ross Dress for Less since 2014 with responsibility for all of the Home businesses , Men s , Lingerie , and Cosmetics .
With this acquisition , IBERIABANK entered into the Atlanta , Georgia MSA through the addition of nine bank offices and an experienced in - market team .
Prior to becoming Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Gulf Power , Ms. Liu served as Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of SCS and Treasurer of Southern Company .
Christine H. Yap , Managing Director and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , joined ICON Capital in
Dated : May 2 , 2017 / S / Mitch Garber Mitch Garber President and Chief Executive Officer .
In December 2012 , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into a joint venture with MAT Holdings , Inc. for the purpose of manufacturing , assembling and selling certain engines into the Asian market .
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Atrinsic , Inc , and its wholly owned subsidiary , Protagenic Acquisition Corp , and Protagenic Therapeutics , Inc , which merged with and into Protagenic Acquisition Corp , on February 12 , 2016 , as well as Protagenic Therapeutics wholly - owned Canadian subsidiary , PTI Canada .
I , Patrick J. Goodman , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company ( the " Company " ) , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , that to the best of my knowledge : ( 2 ) the information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and result of operations of PACIFICORP /OR/.
During 2012 , Heritage Global Inc. expanded Heritage Global Inc. operations to the United Kingdom ( UK ) , Spain , and Germany .
( 3 ) Mr. Hitchcock became SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC Executive Vice President , Global Product Management and Development on April 1 , 2015 .
With the majority of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC revenues being generated outside of the U.S , VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC consolidated effective tax rate is strongly influenced by the effective tax rate of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC foreign operations .
division of Sitrick Brincko Group LLC , a subsidiary of Resources Global Professionals .
Sempra International and Sempra U.S. Gas Power contain most of SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO subsidiaries that are not subject to California utility regulation .
On August 17 , 2015 , EnSync , Inc. eighty - five percent owned subsidiary , Holu Energy LLC ( " Holu " ) , entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement under which Holu acquired substantially all of the assets of Tian Shan Renewable Energy LLC , a Honolulu - based energy systems project development company .
Emerald Dairy , Inc. Advisory and other entities brought a lawsuit in the Superior Court of California , Los Angeles County against Emerald Dairy , Inc. ( Emerald ) and its Chairman , Mr. Shan , asserting that they were entitled to a large number of shares of Emerald , both from Emerald and from shares individually owned , and pledged , by Chairman Shan .
In the United States , Geo Point Resources , Inc. deal with numerous U.S. and California state governmental agencies and entities , including the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , the Carpenter - Presley - Tanner Hazardous Substance Account Act ( the California Superfund Act ) , the Porter - Cologne Water Quality Control Act ( the California Water Control Act ) and CARB .
Hatteras Financial Corp listed Hatteras Financial Corp common stock on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) in April 2008 and trade under the symbol HTS .
In 1991 , REED 'S , INC . incorporated REED 'S , INC . business operations in the state of Florida under the name of Original Beverage Corporation and moved all production to a co - pack facility in Pennsylvania .
However , significant fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies could have an impact on the price competitiveness of CYBEROPTICS CORP products relative to foreign competitors , which could impact the willingness of customers to purchase CYBEROPTICS CORP products and have an impact on CYBEROPTICS CORP results of operations .
Director Michael Sanford Director Kim Fennebresque Director Lee Van Arsdale Director Lewis Von Thaer Chief Executive Officer and Director William T. Kansky Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Gregory S. Nixon Senior Vice President , Chief Administrative Officer , Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary George C. Krivo Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Randall Bockenstedt Senior Vice President , DynLogistics Mark Mirelez Vice President , AELS Scott Rauer Vice President , AOLC Steven T. Schorer Vice President , Strategic Development Joseph M. Ford Senior Vice President , Business Development Barbara D. Walker Senior Vice President , Human Resources .
Macquarie Infrastructure Corp increased the valuation allowance by $ 2.3 million and $ 1.8 million for 2015 and 2014 , respectively , for certain state NOL carryforwards .
LSB INDUSTRIES INC Chemical Business operating loss was $ 41.8 million , a decrease of $ 93.1 million in operating results .
Documents Incorporated by Reference : Portions of the SunOpta Inc. Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10 - K. SUNOPTA INC .
C. Douglas McMillon C. Douglas McMillon President and Chief Executive Officer .
CPE Inc. s only source of cash flow from operations is distributions from CPE Resources pursuant to the CPE Resources limited liability company agreement .
However , based on the cash and financial instruments balance at June 30 , 2017 for MAGNACHIP SEMICONDUCTOR Corp Korean subsidiary , a 10 % devaluation of the Korean won against the U.S. dollar would have resulted in a decrease of $ 2.1 million in MAGNACHIP SEMICONDUCTOR Corp U.S. dollar financial instruments and cash balances .
GPIC is headquartered in North Las Vegas , Nevada , with offices in Blue Springs , Missouri ; Atlantic City , New Jersey ; Gulfport , Mississippi ; San Luis Rio Colorado , Mexico ; Beaune , France ; and Macau S.A.R , China .
From August 2013 through January 2014 , Mr. Batinovich also served as Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. Chief Financial Officer .
To : FTI Consulting , Inc , a Maryland corporation ( the Company ) , has granted you an award ( this Award ) of restricted shares [ restricted stock units ] [ To be Updated at Time of Award ] ( the Award Shares ) of FTI CONSULTING INC s common stock , $ 0.01 par value ( the Common Stock ) , under the FTI Consulting , Inc. 2009 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan , as amended and restated effective June 3 , 2015 , as further amended or restated from time to time ( the Plan ) , conditioned upon your agreement to the terms and conditions described below .
During MARCUS CORP fiscal 2014 first quarter , Rolando B. Rodriguez joined us as the new president and chief executive officer of Marcus Theatres and executive vice president of The Marcus Corporation .
As of March 31 , 2017 , pdvWireless , Inc. s financial results reflected a three - year cumulative loss .
Its principal subsidiaries include : ( 1 ) ITG Inc , AlterNet Securities , Inc. ( AlterNet ) and ITG Derivatives LLC ( ITG Derivatives ) , institutional broker - dealers in the United States ( U.S. ) , ( 2 ) ITG Canada Corp , an institutional broker - dealer in Canada , ( 3 ) Investment Technology Group Limited , an institutional broker - dealer in Europe , ( 4 ) ITG Australia Limited , an institutional broker - dealer in Australia , ( 5 ) ITG Hong Kong Limited , an institutional broker - dealer in Hong Kong , ( 6 ) ITG Software Solutions , Inc , INVESTMENT TECHNOLOGY GROUP , INC . s intangible property , software development and maintenance subsidiary in the U.S , and ( 7 ) ITG Solutions Network , Inc , a holding company for ITG Analytics , Inc , a provider of pre- and post - trade analysis , fair value and trade optimization services , and ITG Platforms Inc , a provider of workflow technology solutions and network connectivity services for the financial community .
From February 2008 through June 2009 , Mr. Shore served as chief financial officer of World Group Capital Ltd. and Nepco Star Ltd , both publicly traded companies on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange , based in Tel Aviv , Israel .
IMTT provides bulk liquid terminal and handling services in North America through ten terminals located in the United States and partially owned terminals in Quebec and Newfoundland , Canada .
Currently , Dr. Harrison serves as a member of the boards of directors of the following private companies , ASOthera , Cure Forward Corp. and Syntimmune , Inc , and as chair of the board of directors of Braeburn Pharmaceuticals , Inc.
MQ MEDICAL TECHNOLOGIES Corp has been formed to provide a method for a foreign or domestic private company to become a reporting company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 .
For the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , the consolidated statement of operations of Frontier Balanced Fund included the earnings of its majority interest in Frontier Trading Company I , LLC and Frontier Trading Company XXXIV , LLC .
HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10 - Q 23 .
On March 16 , 2017 , Emergent BioSolutions Inc. entered into a contract with BARDA , valued at $ 100 million , for the delivery of BioThrax to the Strategic National Stockpile , or SNS , over a two - year period of performance .
In March and May 2016 , RPX Corp increased RPX Corp share repurchase program by $ 25.0 million and $ 50.0 million , respectively , for a total amount authorized of $ 150.0 million .
However , if Messrs. Rady , Warren , Schopp and McNeilly s employment with us would have terminated due to the Named Executive Officers death or disability or if an exit event occurred , the unvested portion of his Holdings units would have become vested .
adjusted SEARS HOLDINGS CORP results to reflect a standard effective tax rate for SEARS HOLDINGS CORP beginning in fiscal 2011 when the valuation allowance was first established .
Unless and until PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES INC . receive approval from the FDA or other equivalent regulatory authorities outside the United States , PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES INC can not sell PALATIN TECHNOLOGIES INC products and will not have product revenues from them .
If Pulse Biosciences , Inc. are unable to assert that Pulse Biosciences , Inc. internal control over financial reporting is effective , or when required in the future , if Pulse Biosciences , Inc. independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of Pulse Biosciences , Inc. internal control over financial reporting , investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of Pulse Biosciences , Inc. financial reports and the market price of Pulse Biosciences , Inc. common stock could be adversely affected , and Pulse Biosciences , Inc. could become subject to investigations by the stock exchange on which Pulse Biosciences , Inc. securities are listed , the SEC , or other regulatory authorities , which could require additional financial and management resources .
As of March 31 , 2017 , Crestwood Midstream Partners LP equity in the underlying net assets of Tres Palacios Holdings LLC ( Tres Holdings ) exceeded Crestwood Midstream Partners LP investment balance by approximately $ 27.5 million .
Exhibit 32.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code , as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Brown Brown , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q / A for the quarter ended September 30 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Form 10 - Q / A ) , I , R. Andrew Watts , Chief Financial Officer of BROWN & BROWN INC , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 )
Orexigen Therapeutics , Inc. was incorporated in September 2002 and commenced operations in 2003 .
For the nine months ended February 28 , 2017 , National American University Holdings , Inc. total revenue was $ 64.4 million , a decrease of $ 8.7 million or 11.8 % , as compared to
Mr. Flannery resigned as corporate secretary upon his election as a class II director at the 2013 annual meeting of stockholders .
Each member of TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . consolidated group , which until June 28 , 2013 included News Corp and each of TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . other subsidiaries , is jointly and severally liable for the U.S. federal income tax liability of each other member of the consolidated group .
However , due to the sequence of events regarding Express Scripts Holding Co. discussions with Anthem , culminating in the filing of a lawsuit by Anthem on March 21 , 2016 , Express Scripts Holding Co. felt it prudent to consider the increased likelihood of either non - renewal or renewal on substantially different terms such that , beginning in March 2016 , Express Scripts Holding Co. began amortizing Express Scripts Holding Co. agreement with Anthem over the remaining term of the contract ( i.e , using a life of 10 years from the time the agreement was executed in 2009 ) .
David Warren ( 58 ) is Chief Administrative Officer , Americas , for Invesco Ltd , a global investment management company affiliated with the Managing Owner .
In addition , DSwiss Inc s subsidiaries and VIEs in Malaysia , Hong Kong , China and Thailand maintain their books and records in their local currency , Ringgits Malaysia ( RM ) , Hong Kong Dollars ( HK$ ) , Chinese Renminbi ( RMB ) and Thai Baht ( THB ) respectively , which is functional currency as being the primary currency of the economic environment in which the entity operates .
Cytosorbents Corp European subsidiary , CytoSorbents Europe GmbH annually files a corporate tax return , a VAT return , and a trade tax return in Germany .
The impact of non - U.S. earnings reflects a rate differential on MOSAIC CO non - U.S. subsidiaries and foreign tax credits for various taxes incurred by certain entities that are taxed in both their local currency jurisdiction and the U.S.
On June 24 , 2015 , Albert Mitrani , Biotech Products Services & Research , Inc. Chairman , Chief Executive Officer and President , purchased an aggregate of 135,000,000 shares of common stock of Bespoke Tricycles , Inc. from John Goodhew , representing approximately 87.8 % of the then issued and outstanding shares of Biotech Products Services & Research , Inc. on a fully - diluted basis and constituting a change in control of the Company .
It is CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT intent , when practical , to integrate any businesses CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT acquire with CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT existing operations .
On April 1 , 2016 , MAGICSTEM GROUP CORP . appointed Ms. Kit U Tang as group senior manager of MAGICSTEM GROUP CORP . company .
The accounting and reporting policies followed by Evans Bancorp , Inc. ( the Company ) , a financial holding company , and its two direct , wholly - owned subsidiaries : ( i ) Evans Bank , National Association ( the Bank ) , and the Bank s subsidiaries , Evans National Leasing , Inc. ( ENL ) , Evans National Holding Corp. ( ENHC ) and Suchak Data Systems , LLC ( SDS ) ; and ( ii ) Evans National Financial Services , LLC ( ENFS ) , and ENFS s subsidiary , The Evans Agency , LLC ( TEA ) , and TEA s subsidiaries , Frontier Claims Services , Inc. ( FCS ) and ENB Associates Inc. ( ENBA ) , in the preparation of the accompanying interim unaudited consolidated financial statements conform with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) and with general practice within the industries in which it operates .
Those of ENTEGRIS INC products manufactured in the United States or other countries from these materials and components may consequently be burdened by import duties imposed by the United States or those other countries , and these additional costs may be substantial and may put ENTEGRIS INC products at a competitive disadvantage .
Exhibit 99.2 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed October 11 , 2013 .
On February 25 , 2016 , MANNKIND CORP . founder Alfred E. Mann passed away .
President and Chief Executive Officer James A. Bell .
From July 2004 through March 2010 , Mr. Liu served as a vice president of Citigroup s Financial Institution Cards business where he had full financial responsibility of a $ 2 billion business .
The following table summarizes property and equipment , net and assets held for sale , measured at fair value in FAMOUS DAVES OF AMERICA INC s consolidated balance sheets as of October 1 , 2017 and January 1 , 2017 : .
Nick Swenson , Chief Executive Officer and President .
From 2008 to August 2011 , Mr. Clark was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Mincom , a global software and service provider to asset - intensive industries .
Retired President and Director Mr. Bruce H. Vincent , 67 , retired as President of Swift Energy effective February 15 , 2015 , and resigned as a member of the Board of Directors as of that same date , after serving SWIFT ENERGY CO for 25 years .
Sears Domestic s operating loss in 2015 included significant items which aggregated to operating income of $ 185 million , while Sears Domestic 's operating loss for 2014 included significant items which aggregated to operating expense of $ 87 million .
All references in this annual report on Form 10 - K to the " Company , " " Cheetah Enterprises , " Cheetah , " we , " " us " or " our " are to Cheetah Enertprises , Inc. and CHEETAH ENTERPRISES , INC . wholly - owned subsidiary Cheetah Autos S.A. Item 1 .
The following table summarizes the high and low sale prices per share of INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN common stock for the periods indicated as reported by NASDAQ .
Wages and benefits increased $ 469,000 in the year ended December 31 , 2015 , as compared to the same period in 2014 as POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . have increased POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . staff to pursue growth opportunities .
In 1993 , SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP formed SecurityNational Mortgage Company ( " SecurityNational Mortgage " ) to originate and refinance residential mortgage loans .
When converting this Class B common stock to Class A common stock under the conversion rate of 1.6483 , as of the latest SEC Form 10 - Q filed by Visa , Inc. on February 2 , 2017 , and the closing stock price of Class A shares , the value of Bank of Marin Bancorp shares of Class B common stock would have been $ 2.2 million at both December 31 , 2016 and 2015 .
Mr. Sill also serves as a member of the Advisory Council of the School of Accounting and Taxation at Weber State University .
In connection with the Annual Report of Mexco Energy Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ending March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the SEC on the date hereof ( the Report ) , MEXCO ENERGY CORP , Nicholas C. Taylor , Chief Executive Officer and Tamala L. McComic , Chief Financial Officer of MEXCO ENERGY CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to MEXCO ENERGY CORP knowledge : .
second and third fiscal quarters to produce MARCUS CORP strongest operating results because these periods coincide with the typical summer seasonality of the movie theatre industry and the summer strength of the lodging business .
Additionally , Granite Falls Energy , LLC also realize relatively immaterial revenue from natural gas pipeline operations at HLBE 's majority owned subsidiary , Agrinatural .
Tier 1 - Andrew J. Jetter , President and CEO ; Tier 2 - David S. Fisher , Senior Executive Vice President and COO , and Mark E. Yardley , Executive Vice President and CRO ; and Tier 3 - Patrick C. Doran , Senior Vice President and CCO and General Counsel , and William W. Osborn , Senior Vice President and CFO .
Mr. O Brien joined Raytheon in 1986 and has held numerous finance positions of increasing responsibility with RAYTHEON CO/ over the course of his 30 - year career , including Vice President of Finance and the senior finance executive responsible for Raytheon Airline Aviation Services and Raytheon s International Landed Companies , and Chief Financial Officer for Raytheon Aircraft Company .
Dane Medley , Chief Executive Officer . and Chairman ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
Celsion will provide Hisun a certain percentage of China s commercial unit demand , and separately of global commercial unit demand , subject to regulatory approval ; .
Role of Management in Determining Compensation Annually , Larry and the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee review GOOGLE INC . executive compensation practices against GOOGLE INC . market targets and benchmark data .
In the Recapitalization , each issued and outstanding share of Liberty s existing common stock was reclassified and exchanged for ( a ) 1 share of the corresponding series of Liberty SiriusXM common stock , ( b ) 0.1 of a share of the corresponding series of Liberty Braves common stock and ( c ) 0.25 of a share of the corresponding series of Liberty Media common stock on April 15 , 2016 .
On March 11 , 2014 and as amended on July 18 , September 3 , 2014 on September 5 , 2014 and again on December 31 , 2015 Algae Dynamics Corp. entered into a consulting agreement with Connectus Inc. ( the Agreement ) to assist and advise Algae Dynamics Corp. in matters concerning corporate finance and Algae Dynamics Corp. s current and proposed financing activities for the period commencing April 1 , 2014 and ending December 31 , 2014 .
In the U.S , the floor plan arrangements are due on demand ; however , PENSKE AUTOMOTIVE GROUP , INC . have not historically been required to repay floor plan advances prior to the sale of the vehicles that have been financed .
DAKTRONICS INC /SD/ manufacture DAKTRONICS INC /SD/ products in the United States , China , Belgium , and Ireland .
The exercise price of the options was $ 96.005 , which was the average of the high and low trading prices of Grace common stock on the NYSE on May 7 , 2015 .
Revenues from SOUTHWESTERN ENERGY CO marketing activities increased $ 65 million for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 , compared to the same period in 2016 , primarily due to a 7 % increase in the price received for volumes marketed and a 9 Bcfe increase in the volumes marketed .
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Ionis Pharmaceuticals , Inc. ( " we " , " us " or " our " ) and IONIS PHARMACEUTICALS INC wholly owned subsidiary , Akcea Therapeutics , Inc , which IONIS PHARMACEUTICALS
The TSA terminates on October 27 , 2018 unless terminated or discontinued earlier in accordance with the terms and condition of the TSA .
On March 16 , 2017 , concurrent with Mr. Bruce Rosenblum s resignation from Saban Capital Acquisition Corp. s board of directors , Saban Capital Acquisition Corp. acquired 25,110 Founders Shares from Mr. Rosenblum and concurrent therewith , in connection with .
Mr. Kaplan joined Mosaic in January 2007 as Vice President Planning and Government Affairs of MOSAIC CO subsidiary Mosaic Fertilizer , LLC to lead its government affairs function in Florida .
David A. Karp David A. Karp Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
The discussion below contains forward - looking statements regarding FENNEC PHARMACEUTICALS INC . financial condition and FENNEC PHARMACEUTICALS INC . results of operations that are based upon FENNEC PHARMACEUTICALS INC . latest unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles within the United States , or US GAAP , and applicable U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , or SEC , regulations for financial information .
Messrs. Gruen and Brown have served on the Compensation Committee since Global Brokerage , Inc. IPO and Mr. Silverman , who was appointed to the Compensation Committee in March 2016 , has served on Global Brokerage , Inc. Board since Global Brokerage , Inc. IPO , providing stable and consistent decision making that benefits from their long - term experience with Global Brokerage , Inc. policies and Global Brokerage , Inc. executives .
Successfully complete clinical development of , and receive regulatory approval for , AGILE THERAPEUTICS INC product candidates ; Obtain additional capital for the commercial launch of Twirla , if approved , as well as advancing the development or AGILE THERAPEUTICS INC other product candidates ; Set an acceptable price for AGILE THERAPEUTICS INC products , if approved , and obtain adequate coverage and reimbursement from third party payors ; Obtain commercial quantities of AGILE THERAPEUTICS INC products , if approved , at acceptable cost levels ; and Successfully market and sell AGILE THERAPEUTICS INC products , if approved , in the United States and abroad .
Each option to purchase shares of Berry common stock was converted into an option to purchase a number of LINN Energy units .
New Concept Energy , Inc. operates oil and gas wells and mineral leases in Athens and Meigs Counties in Ohio and in Calhoun , Jackson and Roane Counties in West Virginia through its wholly owned subsidiaries Mountaineer State Energy , LLC and Mountaineer State Operations , LLC .
If Mr. Rostom s employment is terminated by RLJ ENTERTAINMENT , INC . without cause ( other than upon death or disability ) or Mr. Rostom terminate his employment for good reason , he would be entitled to receive , for 12 months following termination ( the severance period ) , his base salary as in effect immediately prior to termination and a pro rata annual bonus based upon RLJ ENTERTAINMENT , INC . s performance for the year in which termination occurs , if 97 % of the performance target levels are met .
During 2015 , in connection with the purchase of a majority of the shares of Alliance HealthCare Services , Inc s common stock by THAIHOT Investment Company Limited , a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Tahoe Investment Group Co , Ltd , from funds managed by Oaktree Capital Management , L.P. and MTS Health Investors , LLC , and Larry C. Buckelew ( the 2016 Transaction ) , the Special Committee of the Board engaged Mercer to perform a comprehensive review of the compensation payable to Alliance HealthCare Services , Inc s employees in connection with the completion of the 2016 Transaction and any new compensatory arrangements that would be put into place for 2016 .
Moreover , CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP market activities are concentrated in the following Ohio counties : Summit County , and contiguous counties through CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP office in Fairlawn , Ohio ; Franklin County , and contiguous counties through CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP office in Worthi ngton , Ohio ; Columbiana County , and contiguous counties through CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP offices in Wellsville and Calcutta , Ohio ; and Cuyahoga County , and contiguous counties through CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP loan production office in Woodmere , Ohio .
In addition , in the case of assets Global Medical REIT Inc. owned as of January 1 , 2016 ( the start of Global Medical REIT Inc. first REIT taxable year ) , Global Medical REIT Inc. also will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the highest regular corporate tax rate ( currently 35 % ) on all or a portion of the gain recognized from a taxable disposition of any such asset occurring within the five - year period following January 1 , 2016 .
For 2016 , the FRB has set the 3 % reserve limit at $ 110.2 million and the exemption at $ 15.2 million .
SkyWest Leasing profit increased $ 5.4 million , or 84.2 % , during the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , compared to the three months ended March 31 , 2016 , primarily due to 45 E175 aircraft added to SKYWEST INC fleet subsequent to March 31 , 2016 .
Mr. Benjamin served as non - Executive Chairman of the Board of SGI from 2012 until March 2014 and as a director of SGI from 2009 until March 2014 .
Steadfast Income REIT , Inc. results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 are not indicative of those expected in future periods .
If Balance Labs , Inc. is unable to meet its internal revenue forecasts or obtain additional financing on a timely basis , it may have to delay vendor payments and/or initiate cost reductions , which would have a material adverse effect on Balance Labs , Inc. s business , financial condition and results of operations , and ultimately it could be forced to discontinue Balance Labs , Inc. s operations , liquidate , and/or seek reorganization under the U.S. bankruptcy code .
Net income/(loss ) available to common stockholders increased $ 27.6 million from $ ( 5.8 ) million for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 to $ 21.8 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , primarily due to higher prices on AG Mortgage Investment Trust , Inc. securities , which increased AG Mortgage Investment Trust , Inc.
To the extent GOLUB CAPITAL INVESTMENT Corp taxable earnings fall below the total amount of GOLUB CAPITAL INVESTMENT Corp distributions for any tax year , a portion of those distributions may be deemed a return of capital to GOLUB CAPITAL INVESTMENT Corp stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes .
Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. other European operations are conducted on the London Stock Exchange ; the Weiner B rse AG ; the Euronext exchanges in Amsterdam , Paris , Brussels and London ; NASDAQ OMX Nordic exchanges in Sweden , Finland and Denmark ; the MEFF and Bolsa de Valores Madrid in Spain ; the IDEM and Borsa Valori de Milano in Milan ; and the TOB in Vienna .
Medidata Solutions , Inc. was organized as a New York corporation in June 1999 and reincorporated as a Delaware corporation in May 2000 .
On October 23 , 2013 , InspireMD , Inc. entered into an at - the - market issuance sales agreement , or the Sales Agreement , with MLV Co. LLC pursuant to which InspireMD , Inc. may issue and sell shares of InspireMD , Inc. common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $ 40 million directly on the NYSE MKT or sales made to or through a market maker other than on an exchange .
For PRIVATEBANCORP , INC CEO , the shares underlying his 2016 RSUs granted as part of his long - term incentive award will generally not settle until he resigns or otherwise separates from PRIVATEBANCORP , INC . 3 - Year Cliff Vesting on Options .
SDG E provides electric service to San Diego and southern Orange counties and natural gas service to San Diego County .
Alvyn A. Schopp has served as Chief Administrative Officer , Senior Regional Vice President , and Treasurer of Midstream Management since January 2016 , prior to which he served as Chief Administrative Officer , Regional Vice President and Treasurer of Midstream Management beginning in February 2014 .
Other On November 18 , 2016 , Ark Jupiter RI , LLC ( Ark Jupiter ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary of ARK RESTAURANTS CORP , entered into a ROFR Purchase and Sale Agreement ( the ROFR ) with SCFRC - HWG , LLC , the landlord ( the Seller ) to purchase the land and building in which ARK RESTAURANTS CORP operates its Rustic Inn location in Jupiter , Florida .
In December 2014 , Cytosorbents Corp entered into an exclusive agreement with Smart Medical Solutions S.R.L , to distribute CytoSorb for critical care applications in Romania and the neighboring Republic of Moldova .
In October 2016 , Dominion purchased an additional 3 % membership interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline from Duke for $ 14 million .
Mr. McDaniel also previously served as a director of Midstates Petroleum Company , Inc. ( NYSE MKT : MPO ) , where he was previously President and Chief Executive Officer and non - executive Chairman .
On December 21 , 2016 , Tokai Pharmaceuticals Inc entered into a Share Purchase Agreement , or Share Purchase Agreement , with Otic Pharma , Ltd , a private limited company organized under the laws of the State of Israel , or Otic , and the shareholders of Otic named therein , or the Selling Shareholders , pursuant to which , among other things , subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement , each Selling Shareholder agreed to sell to us , and Tokai Pharmaceuticals Inc agreed to purchase from each Selling Shareholder , all of the ordinary and preferred shares of Otic , the Otic Shares , owned by such Selling Shareholder .
Prior to joining WINDTREE THERAPEUTICS INC /DE/ , Mr. Weinstein served as President and Chief Operating Officer for ALR Technologies ( July 2010 May 2014 ) , President of Hydrate , Inc. and Senior Vice President of Operations for PRE Holding ( 2007 June 2010 ) , and Vice President of Product Technology at PARI ( 2003 2007 ) .
Grace Transitional License Agreement GCP Applied Technologies Inc. and Grace Conn entered into the Grace Transitional License Agreement , wherein Grace Conn provided a limited license to GCP Applied Technologies Inc. under the Grace trademark for certain products until new brands for those products are phased in .
Because Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. report Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. financial results in U.S. dollars , the change in the value of the GLOBAL to the U.S. dollar affects Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. earnings .
On August 22 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with InLight Capital Partners , LLC , pursuant to which InLight Capital provided Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company with an aggregate investment of $ 100,000 in consideration of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issuance of a convertible promissory note and warrants to purchase common shares of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company with an aggregate exercise price of $ 120,500 .
Seagate Technology plc discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon Seagate Technology plc Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements , which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles .
Mary P. Clark joined SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC in June 2009 and currently serves as Chief Marketing Officer , a role she assumed in March 2014 .
On February 26 , 2016 , a consolidated class action complaint was filed by Arnell Prato , D.D.S , P.L.L.C , d / b / a Down to Earth Dental , Evolution Dental Sciences , LLC , Howard M. May , DDS , P.C , Casey Nelson , D.D.S , Jim Peck , D.D.S , Bernard W. Kurek , D.M.D , Larchmont Dental Associates , P.C , and Keith Schwartz , D.M.D , P.A. ( collectively , the " putative class representatives " ) in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York , entitled In re Dental Supplies Antitrust Litigation , Civil Action No . 1:16 - CV-00696 - BMC - GRB .
All of Greenpro Capital Corp. s subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong are subject to the Hong Kong Profits Tax , which is charged at the statutory income tax rate of 16.5 % on its assessable income for its tax year .
Moses H. Feagin Vice President , Treasurer , and Chief Financial Officer Age 51 Elected in 2010 .
In October of 2017 , ACORN ENERGY , INC . received $ 538,000 ( net of withholding taxes ) of escrowed funds from the 2016 sale of DSIT shares to Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Ltd. Results of Operations .
During Roberts employment , Altimmune shall provide the following salary , bonus and other compensation to Roberts : ( a ) Base Compensation .
Moreover , governmental restrictions on water usage during drought conditions may result in a decreased demand for CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT water , even if CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT water reserves are sufficient to serve CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT customers during these drought conditions , which may adversely affect CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT revenues and earnings .
Additionally , EASTMAN KODAK CO and its U.S. subsidiaries ( the Subsidiary Guarantors ) entered into an Asset Based Revolving Credit Agreement ( the ABL Credit Agreement and together with the Term Credit Agreements , the Credit Agreements ) with the lenders party thereto ( the ABL Lenders and together with the First Lien Lenders and the Second Lien Lenders , the Lenders ) and Bank of America N.A. as administrative agent and collateral agent , Barclays Bank PLC as syndication agent and Merrill Lynch , Pierce , Fenner Smith Inc , Barclays Bank PLC and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC as joint lead arrangers and joint bookrunners .
Although BIOTIME INC have no present plans to liquidate BIOTIME INC holdings of Asterias or OncoCyte shares , if BIOTIME INC need near term working capital or liquidity to supplement BIOTIME INC cash and cash equivalents for BIOTIME INC operations , BIOTIME INC may sell some or all of BIOTIME INC Asterias or OncoCyte shares , as necessary .
ACETO CORP financial statements are subject to the application of U.S. GAAP , which is periodically revised and/or expanded .
Based upon most estimates , including Blue Johnson Associates , Inc , the U.S. imports approximately 32 % of its annual ammonia consumption .
The following table summarizes the impact DENBURY RESOURCES INC oil and natural gas derivative contracts had on DENBURY RESOURCES INC operating results for 2015 , 2014 and 2013 : .
At the six months ended December 31 , 2015 Green Meadow Products , Inc. intangible assets consisted of Green Meadow Products , Inc. pain relief formula for dogs and Green Meadow Products , Inc. website and at the six months ended December 31 , 2015 there were no changes that required an impairment or change in useful life of Green Meadow Products , Inc. intangible assets .
Stephen H. Clark Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , South Jersey Industries , Inc. 1/1/13 2 years .
POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s underlying shares are classified as equity , and under the terms of the SAR Award Agreement , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . must settle the exercised portion of the SAR in shares of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s common stock .
Rooms Rooms revenue was flat to prior year at $ 4.5 million and increased $ 0.4 million , or 2.5 % , during the three and nine months ended January 22 , 2017 , respectively , as compared to the same period in the prior fiscal year .
In October 2016 , a subsidiary of NEP completed the acquisition from NEER of an indirect 24 % interest in Desert Sunlight Investment Holdings , LLC ( Desert Sunlight ) which is reflected as investment in equity method investee on the condensed consolidated balance sheets .
Athene Holding Ltd investing activities used cash flows totaling $ 1.1 billion for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and provided cash flows totaling $ 115 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 .
The board of directors appointed SeeKuy Tan as President , Chief Executive Officer , Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer and Kathleen Mary Johnston as Secretary of VW WIN CENTURY INC . On October 5 , 2016 , VW Win , entered into Securities Purchase Agreement with TeikKeng Goh , whereby VW WIN CENTURY INC . agreed to sell to Mr. Goh 99 million restricted shares VW WIN CENTURY INC . 's Class A Common Stock for a total purchase price of $ 10,000 .
The options were valued with the Black - Scholes option pricing model using an expected volatility of 80.03 % based upon the historical price of GelTech Solutions , Inc. s stock , an expected term of 5.5 years using the simplified method , and a risk - free rate of 1.88 % .
Related party C is under common control of Ms. Chen Yanhong , the director of GMC(SZ ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary of Greenpro Capital Corp. Related party D is under common control of Mr. Lee Chong Kuang and Mr. Loke Che Chan , Gilbert , the directors of Greenpro Capital Corp. All of these related party transactions are generally transacted in an arm - length basis at the current market value in the normal course of business .
On October 23 , 2017 , Select announced that Concentra Group Holdings entered into a Purchase Agreement dated October 22 , 2017 with Concentra , Group Holdings Parent , U.S. HealthWorks , and DHHC .
Restructuring charges for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2016 were also associated with the relocation of OLIN CORP Winchester centerfire ammunition manufacturing operations from East Alton , IL to Oxford , MS which was completed in 2016 .
YuMe Inc prepared YuMe Inc consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP .
Julia A. Newton President and Chief Executive Officer ( principal executive officer ) .
Mr. Carlin has been a Managing Director at Blue Harbour Group since 2014 .
In addition , Metalmark Capital beneficially owns in excess of five percent of Jones Energy , Inc. s outstanding equity interests and two of Jones Energy , Inc. former directors , Howard I. Hoffen .
Manufacturing revenue increased $ 17.2 million due primarily to higher revenue in the Microbial Solutions business ; higher revenue in the Biologics business , which includes the acquisition of Blue Stream Laboratories , Inc. ( Blue Stream ) that contributed $ 1.8 million to revenue growth ; and Contract Manufacturing revenue related to the CDMO business , which was divested on February 10 , 2017 , that contributed $ 1.8 million to revenue growth ; partially offset by the negative effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates .
Prior to Business First Bank , Ms. Robertson served as a private banker and treasury management sales officer with a focus on commercial banking .
Blackstone holds a 40 % non - controlling equity interest in P tria Investments Limited and P tria Investimentos Ltda .
At December 31 , 2015 , CONSOLIDATED GEMS , INC . had not formed an audit committee or adopted an audit committee charter .
Results of Operations Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. completed approximately $ 935 million of transactions during 2015 , compared to approximately $ 875 million during 2014 .
Share Transfers : Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement , Mr. McRobbie ( our former CEO and sole director ) transferred an aggregate of 2,100,000 shares to the following parties : 1,500,000 to Summit Capital USA , Inc. ( Summit ) , over which eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp former CFO serves as CFO ; 300,000 to an unrelated third party ; and , 300,000 to Gregg Johnson , who , together with his wife beneficially owns Summit Capital Corp , which is a 50 % owner of Summit ; all of these shares were issued as compensation for a variety of business consulting services each such named party performed on behalf of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp pursuant to oral agreements between each party and Mr. McRobbie .
During the year ended September 30 , 2016 , an executive officer , Steven Osterberg , and two directors , Giulio Bonifacio and Leigh Freeman , participated in a private placement offering of Units of Timberline Resources Corp purchasing , in the aggregate , 1,431,733 units for proceeds of $ 214,760 .
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer - Leo P. Denault ( principal executive officer ) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer - Andrew S. Marsh ( principal financial officer ) .
NorthWestern Corporation , doing business as Northwestern Energy , provides electricity and natural gas to approximately 709,600 customers in Montana , South Dakota and Nebraska .
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , WELLS FARGO COMPANY has caused this Certificate to be signed by Laurel A. Holschuh , its Senior Vice President , and attested by Rachelle M. Graham , its Assistant Secretary , this 29 th day of April , 2010 .
Re : SEC Filing Letter MEP06A. Dear Mr. Buckley : .
Provided that you timely elect continued coverage under COBRA , EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC will pay the COBRA premiums to continue your coverage ( including coverage for eligible dependents , if applicable ) through the earliest to occur of : ( i ) six ( 6 ) months following the Separation Date ; ( ii ) the date you become eligible for group health insurance coverage through a new employer ; or ( iii ) the date you cease to be eligible for COBRA continuation .
TELETECH HOLDINGS INC subsidiaries in Bulgaria , Costa Rica , Mexico , Poland , and the Philippines use the local currency as their functional currency for paying labor and other operating costs .
Lastly , with receipt of ( i ) prior consent of the electing Series E holder or a majority of shares of Series E Redeemable Preferred and ( ii ) all other required approvals , including under any principal U.S. securities exchange on which LSB INDUSTRIES INC common stock is then listed for trading , LSB can redeem the Series E Redeemable Preferred by the issuance of shares of common stock having an aggregate common stock price equal to the amount of the aggregate Liquidation Preference of such shares being redeemed in shares of common stock in lieu of cash at the redemption date .
$ 119 million charge in 2013 for loss from plant closure associated with SDG E s investment in SONGS , compared to a $ ( 21 ) million charge in 2014 to adjust the total loss from plant closure , as SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO discuss in Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .
The contractual obligations table above does not include any potential future milestone payments to third parties as part of certain collaboration and licensing agreements , which could total up to $ 4.0 million in aggregate payments for Immune Design Corp. clinical supply agreement with NanoPass Technologies LTD ( NanoPass ) and up to $ 1.8 million aggregate payments for ZVex products Immune Design Corp. develop .
Scott M. Quist has served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP since September 2012 .
EnerJex Resources , Inc. subsidiaries obligations under the credit agreement and note are non - recourse and are secured by a first - priority lien in EnerJex Resources , Inc. s and the subsidiaries oil properties and assets located in Kansas .
On September 24 , 2013 , Capitala Finance Corp. acquired 100 % of the limited partnership interests in Fund II , Fund III and Florida Sidecar and each of their respective general partners , as well as certain assets from Fund I and Fund III Parent , in exchange for an aggregate of 8,974,420 shares of Capitala Finance Corp. s common stock ( the Formation Transactions ) .
InspireMD , Inc. believe that InspireMD , Inc. future operating results will continue to be subject to quarterly variations based upon a wide variety of factors , including the cyclical nature of the ordering patterns of InspireMD , Inc. distributors , timing of regulatory approvals , the implementation of various phases of InspireMD , Inc. clinical trials and manufacturing efficiencies due to the learning curve of utilizing new materials and equipment .
CHEETAH ENTERPRISES , INC . net loss from operations increased $ 22,366 or 489 % during the year ended November 30 , 2015 .
CHEETAH ENTERPRISES , INC . founder and president , Shane Drdul , has visited several of these sites and has found that most companies that advertise online have limited contact with the customer and offer little or no information to the public .
As of and for the year ended December 31 , 2014 , the consolidated balance sheet and income statement of Equinox Frontier Heritage Fund included the assets , liabilities and earnings of its majority owned Trading Company , Frontier Trading Company XXXIX , LLC .
The reduction in headcount primarily reflected efficiencies gained by completing the consolidation of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC research and development operations previously in Brisbane , Australia into Vienna , Austria in the first quarter of 2014 and was partially offset by increases in staff in other locations .
Himanshu Patel , Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer ( principal financial officer ) of First Data Corporation , certifies that , to the best of his knowledge : .
INTEGRAL TECHNOLOGIES INC net loss for the year ended June 30 , 2016 , was $ 4,639,698 compared to a net loss of $ 4,432,617 for the year ending June 30 , 2015 representing a decrease of $ 207,081 .
On September 26 , 2016 , NXChain Inc. purchased certain assets of LXCCoin Ltd , a related party , pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of September 26 , 2016 with LXCC .
CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . may purchase non - food items , such as kitchen utensils , equipment maintenance tools and other supplies , from any suitable source so long as such items meet BKC product uniformity standards .
From April 2011 , until June 2012 , Mr. Chan served as Vice President of Finance for Search Media Holdings , Ltd , a company listed on AMEX under the symbol IDI , and a leading nationwide multi - platform media company and one of the largest operators of integrated outdoor billboard and in - elevator advertising networks in China .
Tyumen Holdings , LLC , an entity controlled by Mr. Peterson , a director and ACTIVECARE , INC .
Net cash provided by financing activities consisted of $ 82.8 million in proceeds , net of discounts and commissions , from the issuance of the 2021 Notes , of which KEMPHARM , INC used approximately $ 18.6 million to repay in full the $ 15.0 million principal amount , accrued but unpaid interest , a make whole interest payment and a prepayment premium all related to the term note issued under the Deerfield facility , and net of the payment of debt issuance costs of $ 0.5 million .
As of December 31 , 2015 , WPL s and ATI s ownership interests in WPL Transco were approximately 93 % and 7 % , respectively .
In the absence of an alternative third - party transaction , which GENWORTH FINANCIAL INC can neither predict nor guarantee , GENWORTH FINANCIAL INC believe GENWORTH FINANCIAL INC would be required to pursue asset sales to address these challenges , including potential sales of GENWORTH FINANCIAL INC . mortgage insurance businesses in Canada and Australia and/or a partial sale of GENWORTH FINANCIAL INC U.S. mortgage insurance business .
GMCI Corp. have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of GMCI Corp. ( the Company ) as of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 and the related statement of operations , stockholders equity ( deficit ) and cash flows for the years then ended .
Application of Critical Accounting Policies CHART INDUSTRIES INC s condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles .
With respect to Mr. Long s employment agreement , good reason also means the failure to appoint and maintain Mr. Long in the office of President and Chief Executive Officer .
In connection with the Annual Report of Martin Midstream Partners L.P , a Delaware limited partnership ( the Partnership ) , on Form 10 - K / A for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Ruben S. Martin , Chief Executive Officer of Martin Midstream GP LLC , the general partner of the Partnership , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ( 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 ) , that to my knowledge : .
increasing competition , including competition from well - established competitors including Amazon.com , competition from competitors based in China or elsewhere , competition from well - funded companies willing to incur substantial losses in order to build market share , and from others including competitors with business models that may include delivery capabilities that OVERSTOCK.COM , INC may be unable to match ; .
SKYWEST INC recorded a gain from the sale of its TRIP shares of $ 24.9 million during the year ended December 3 1 , 2014 , which is reflected in O ther
Hughes Satellite Systems Corp have corrected errors in the presentation of certain assets and liabilities as of December 31 , 2014 and in the presentation of Hughes Satellite Systems Corp results of operations and cash flows for the year ended December 31 , 2013 in the following condensed consolidating financial information .
Philip A. Fain , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Secretary .
Gregory B. Maffei , the President and Chief Executive Officer of Liberty Media , is the Chairman of SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC . board of directors .
Bruce W. McCullough is a member of Vanguard Natural Resources , LLC Board of Directors and from 1986 to 2012 served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Huntington Energy Corp , an independent exploration and production company that had been involved in activities in the Appalachian Basin , East Texas , Mid - Continent and the Gulf Coast .
CYBEROPTICS CORP recognized CYBEROPTICS CORP first revenue from the sale of the MX600 system in the third quarter of 2015 , and had an order backlog for MX600 at December 31 , 2015 totaling approximately $ 3.4 million .
AOXING PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANY , INC . was incorporated in the State of Florida on January 23 , 1996 .
Since the inception of the lease in 2005 , WPL s retail and wholesale rates have included recovery of the monthly Sheboygan Falls lease payments .
Jeffrey V. Haley Jeffrey V. Haley President and Chief Executive Officer .
Two of AYTU BIOSCIENCE , INC products have received FDA approval for marketing in the U.S. :
On July 28 , 2014 , ALR TECHNOLOGIES INC . entered into a pilot service agreement with Kansas City Metropolitan Physician Association ( KCMPA ) , one of the nation 's premier Accountable Care Organizations ( ACO ) .
GARY A. RINALDI Gary A. Rinaldi Senior Vice President , Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer .
Mr. Altounian will serve as the chairman of the Board of Directors of Wowio , Inc. and provide advisory services to the CEO .
Steadfast Apartment REIT , Inc. board of directors , excluding Mr. Purcell , has determined that Mr. Purcell is qualified to serve as one of Steadfast Apartment REIT , Inc. directors due to Mr. Purcell s prior experience as an executive of real estate investment and development companies .
As of December 31 , 2015 , Protea Biosciences Group , Inc. ownership interest in AzurRx was 25 % on a fully - diluted basis ; Protea Biosciences Group , Inc. interest in AzurRx has been reduced to 1.7 % after the most recent sale , which was in August 2016 .
Mailing Address or E - mail Address for Agreement notices and reports : License Compliance and Administration Monitoring Enforcement Office of Technology Transfer National Institutes of Health 6011 Executive Boulevard , Suite 325 Rockville , Maryland 20852 - 3804 U.S.A. E - mail :
In connection with the MDL Settlement , DUPONT E I DE NEMOURS & CO increased the accrual related to the PFOA multi - district litigation to $ 670.7 at March 31 , 2017 , ( the MDL Settlement Accrual ) .
In addition , because iHeartCommunications , Inc. derive a substantial portion of iHeartCommunications , Inc. operating income from iHeartCommunications , Inc. subsidiaries , iHeartCommunications , Inc. ability to repay iHeartCommunications , Inc. debt depends upon the performance of iHeartCommunications , Inc. subsidiaries , their ability to dividend or distribute funds to us and iHeartCommunications , Inc. receipt of funds under iHeartCommunications , Inc. cash management arrangement with iHeartCommunications , Inc. subsidiary , CCOH .
IPL s Minnesota Electric Distribution Assets - IPL provided indemnifications associated with the July 2015 sale of its Minnesota electric distribution assets for losses resulting from potential breach of IPL s representations , warranties and obligations under the sale agreement .
Inc. ( the " Company " ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , I , Balakrishnan B S Muthu , President of VERDE RESOURCES , INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sect .
Jennifer F. Scanlon has served as a Director since September 2016 and President and Chief Executive Officer since November 2016 .
On or about June 10 , 2015 , InterDigital filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California , San Jose Division ( the CA Northern District Court ) seeking a Temporary Restraining Order , Preliminary Injunction , and Permanent Anti - suit Injunction against Pegatron prohibiting Pegatron from prosecuting the Pegatron Taiwan Action .
Patrick Barry Board Member , Director and Audit Committee Chairman .
Upon the termination of Ms. Long s employment by ( i ) the Executive for Good Reason upon delivery of a Notice of Termination to the Employer , or ( ii ) the Employer other than for Cause , in each case simultaneously with or within one year after the occurrence of a Change in Control , the Employer shall pay the Ms. Long ( or in the event of her death during the term of this Agreement , her estate ) in cash within 60 days of the date of termination , severance compensation in an amount equal to her then current monthly base salary multiplied by twelve , plus any bonus earned through the date of termination but unpaid as of the date of termination .
EPA 's final action on the Utah regional haze SIP was effective August 4 , 2016 .
Professional Services Agreement During the year ended December 31 , 2013 , under a professional services agreement , as amended , with Crestview Partners , L.P. ( Crestview ) , a party that prior to 2014 had designated for election two members of FBR & Co. s Board of Directors , FBR & Co. agreed to pay Crestview Advisors , L.L.C. a $ 1,000 annual strategic advisory fee plus reimbursement of reasonable out - of - pocket expenses as long as Crestview continued to own at least 50 % of the shares purchased by certain Crestview affiliates in FBR & Co. 2006 private offering .
The Spin - off was accomplished through the distribution of 100 % of QHC common stock to CHS stockholders of record on April 22 , 2016 .
In exchange for these services that are to be provided to us , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. agreed to issue 500 common shares of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company to TEN Associates .
World Moto , Inc. have two executive employees : Paul Giles and Chris Ziomkowski .
The services of Aurum , Inc. President , Chairman , Chief Executive Officer and Director , Joseph Gutnick , Executive General Manager , Craig Michael , Aurum , Inc. Chief Financial Officer and Secretary , Peter Lee , as well as clerical employees are provided to us on a part - time as needed basis pursuant to a Service Agreement ( the " Service Agreement " ) between us and AXIS Consultants Pty Limited ( " AXIS " ) effective from August 2009 .
On April 5 , 2017 , Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc settled all lawsuits against the first ANDA filer , West - Ward Pharmaceuticals Corp. ( a wholly owned subsidiary of Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC ) , which acquired Roxane Laboratories , Inc , or West - Ward , granting West - Ward the right to sell an authorized generic version of Xyrem , or the West - Ward AG Product , commencing on January 1 , 2023 , or earlier under certain circumstances , and granting West - Ward a license to launch its own generic sodium oxybate product as early as six months thereafter .
Represents the gain from the remeasuring to fair value of Macquarie Infrastructure Corp previous 50 % ownership of IMTT and the gain recognized on the sale of the district energy business .
Section 302 Certification of Mark E. Ellis , Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer of Linn Energy , LLC 31.2 * * .
For the three and nine months ended November 30 , 2016 , a uniform 10 % strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the local currency of VOXX International Corp foreign operations would have resulted in a decrease in sales of approximately $ 6,600 and $ 18,900 , respectively , and net income of approximately $ 300 and $ 400 , respectively .
Lantheus Holdings , Inc. s effective tax rate differs from the U.S. statutory rate principally due to the change in valuation allowance and the rate impact of uncertain tax positions .
As permitted under Delaware law , pursuant to ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INC bylaws , charter , and indemnification agreements with ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INC current and former executive officers , directors , and general counsel , ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INC are required , subject to certain limited qualifications , to indemnify ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INC executive officers , directors , and general counsel for certain events or occurrences while the executive officer , director , or general counsel is or was serving at ELECTRONICS FOR IMAGING INC request in such capacity .
The foregoing factors are difficult to forecast , and these , as well as other factors , could materially adversely affect Guidewire Software , Inc. quarterly and annual results of operations .
Unless the context otherwise requires , references in this report to the ownership of Mr. Stephen A. Schwarzman , Blackstone Group L.P. founder , and other Blackstone personnel include the ownership of personal planning vehicles and family members of these individuals .
Jumpstart NCS Multistage Holdings , Inc. Business Act of 2012 .
In addition to these assets , during 2015 , as part of FBR & Co. s investing activities , FBR & Co. entered into two short sales totaling $ 200 million face value , of 4.625 % U.S. Treasury securities maturing in November 2016 .
Equity Method Investments In April 2017 , Fulgent Genetics , Inc , through an affiliated company formed for the purpose of the relationship , entered into the JV Agreement with Xilong Scientific and FJIP to form FF Gene Biotech , a joint venture formed under the laws of the PRC to offer genetic testing services to customers in the PRC .
Further , as required by POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . agreement with Perkins , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . have also established a service and support network in POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . territory , as described under Supplier Relationships , which provides various services to POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . customers that purchase power systems using Perkins engines , including warranty support , servicing of Perkins engines , technical support and parts support ( including support for aftermarket parts ) .
Sonoma Pharmaceuticals , Inc. manufacture Sonoma Pharmaceuticals , Inc. products at Sonoma Pharmaceuticals , Inc. facilities in Petaluma , California and Zapopan , Mexico .
KIMBERLY K. NELSON Kimberly K. Nelson Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( principal financial and accounting officer ) April 28 , 2017 .
Fair value of Marriott common stock issued in exchange for Starwood outstanding shares .
In July 2015 , Global Brokerage , Inc. entered into a guaranty with Citibank , N.A. ( the Guaranty ) following the transition of certain institutional customers from Global Brokerage , Inc. to FastMatch ( see Note 14 ) .
At the time of the Expedia Holdings Split - Off , Expedia Holdings was comprised of , among other things , Liberty s former interest in Expedia , Inc. ( Expedia ) and Liberty s former wholly - owned subsidiary Bodybuilding.com , LLC ( Bodybuilding ) .
( 4 ) Mr. Liszt is a director of Mill City Ventures III , Ltd. ( 5 ) Mr. Berman is a director of Mill City Ventures III , Ltd. ( 6 ) Mr. Zipkin is a director of Mill City Ventures III , Ltd. ( 7 ) Based upon a Schedule 13 G filed by Mr. and Mrs. Zbikowski , Mr. Zbikowski is the beneficial owner of 1,240,000 shares , and Mrs. Zbikowski is the beneficial owner of 625,000 shares .
LG E , headquartered in Louisville , Kentucky , is a wholly owned subsidiary of LKE and a regulated utility engaged in the generation , transmission , distribution and sale of electricity and distribution and sale of natural gas in Kentucky .
During the past five years , Mr. McGuire was employed by The Bank of New York Mellon , an asset management and securities services company , as a Managing Director ( April 2006 to October 2009 ) .
On the same day , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . entered into the following contractual arrangements with Bing Wu and Yun Zhu : Call Option Agreement among YOD WFOE , Sinotop Beijing , Bing Wu and Yun Zhu , dated as of January 25 , 2016 ; Equity Pledge Agreement among YOD WFOE , Sinotop Beijing , Bing Wu and Yun Zhu , dated as of January 25 , 2016 ; Power of Attorney Agreement among YOD WFOE , Sinotop Beijing and Bing Wu and YOD WFOE , Sinotop Beijing and Yun Zhu , both dated as of January 25 , 2016 ; Technical Services Agreement among YOD WFOE and Sinotop Beijing , dated as of January 25 , 2016 ( collectively , the New Sinotop VIE Agreements ) .
In connection with a quota share reinsurance agreement with Essent Guaranty , Inc , Essent Re has agreed to maintain a minimum total equity of $ 100 million .
Upon Global Brokerage , Inc. application , Nasdaq has approved Global Brokerage , Inc. shares to trade on a different Nasdaq exchange tier , The Nasdaq Capital Market , effective November 13 , 2017 .
On August 22 , 2013 , Intelligent Highway Solutions , Inc. entered into a distribution agreement ( the Distribution Agreement ) with SCS Lighting Solutions Inc. ( SCS ) , whereby SCS appointed Intelligent Highway Solutions , Inc. as its exclusive distributer of SCS products in Sacramento , California and other locations , as determined by both parties in the future .
To continue to meet the needs of Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis members and maintain an appropriate level of mortgage loans held for portfolio on Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis statement of condition , in December 2016 , Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis agreed to sell a 90 % participating interest in a $ 100 million MCC of certain newly acquired MPP loans to the FHLBank of Atlanta .
In particular , DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. success is highly dependent upon the efforts of DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. executive officers and DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. directors , particularly Mr. Sillerman .
John G. Sample , Jr. John G. Sample , Jr. Senior Vice President and .
METLIFE INC s effective tax rates differ from the U.S. statutory rate of 35 % typically due to non - taxable investment income , tax credits for low income housing , and foreign earnings taxed at lower rates than the U.S. statutory rate .
Additionally , as international OEMs desire to supply industrial equipment products into the United States and must meet EPA and CARB emission requirements , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . provide a fast , certain , cost - effective route for these foreign industrial OEMs to meet these emission requirements because POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . hold compliance certificates specific to POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . power systems .
To date , the primary market for GLOBUS MEDICAL INC products has been the United States , where GLOBUS MEDICAL INC sell GLOBUS MEDICAL INC products through a combination of direct sales representatives employed by us and distributor sales representatives employed by GLOBUS MEDICAL INC exclusive independent distributors , who distribute GLOBUS MEDICAL INC products on GLOBUS MEDICAL INC behalf for a commission that is generally based on a percentage of sales .
SKYWEST INC were incorporated in Utah in 1972 .
( 2 ) Corporate and other identifiable assets for the year ended December 31 , 2016 includes Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC 's investment in FOX , which was sold during the first quarter of 2017 - refer to Note F - " Investment in FOX " .
The accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheet as of December 31 , 2016 , which has been derived from audited financial statements included in True Drinks Holdings , Inc. s Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , and the accompanying interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared by management pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) for interim financial reporting .
During the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , the Nevada operation recognized losses of $ 606 , $ 2,670 and $ 2,612 , respectively , included in Loss from a discontinued operation , net of income tax benefits of $ 404 , $ 1,421 and $ 1,398 in CPI Card Group Inc. s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income .
At December 31 , 2016 and March 31 , 2016 , $ 94.6 million and $ 136.8 million , respectively , of vessel construction costs are included in Corporate .
The trial commenced during the fourth quarter of 2017 , and is being led by principal investigator Mazyar Shadman , M.D , Assistant Member of Fred Hutch s Clinical Research Division .
The more significant factors that affected MOSAIC CO results of operations and financial condition in 2015 , 2014 , the seven months ended December 31 , 2013 and fiscal 2013 are listed below .
Pursuant to the operating agreement , as amended , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . agreed to remodel 455 Burger King restaurants to BKC 's 20/20 restaurant image by December 31 , 2016 .
Leadership Transition 2016 Activity On June 20 , 2016 , Washington Prime Group , L.P. announced the following leadership changes : ( 1 ) the resignation of Mr. Michael P. Glimcher as Washington Prime Group , L.P. s Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board ; ( 2 ) the appointment of Mr. Louis G. Conforti , a current Board member , as Interim Chief Executive Officer ; ( 3 ) the resignation of Mr. Mark S. Ordan as non - executive Chairman of the Board ; and ( 4 ) the resignation of Mr. Niles C. Overly from the Board .
Mr. Wasserman previously served as : a director of Wendy 's , a franchisor of the Wendy 's restaurant system , as the chairman of the ERISA committee of Wendy s and as a member of the audit and compensation committees of Wendy 's , from March 2004 to June 2015 ; a director and chairman of the audit committee of American Entertainment Properties Corp. a subsidiary of Icahn Enterprises , from December 2003 to March 2013 ; and a senior partner of Wasserman , Schneider , Babb Reed , a New York - based law firm , and its predecessors , from 1966 until 2001 .
In June 2015 , Immune Design Corp. entered into a clinical supply agreement with NanoPass Technologies LTD ( NanoPass ) for the use of their intradermal delivery device in certain of Immune Design Corp. clinical trials .
Investor Note means a promissory note of a Member evidencing indebtedness incurred by such Member to purchase a Capital Commitment Interest , the terms of which were or are approved by the Managing Member and which is secured by such Capital Commitment Interest , all other Capital Commitment Interests of such Member and all other interests of such Member in Blackstone Collateral Entities ; provided , that such promissory note may also evidence indebtedness relating to other interests of such Member in Blackstone Collateral Entities , and such indebtedness shall be prepayable with Capital Commitment Net Income ( whether or not such indebtedness relates to Capital Commitment Investments ) as set forth in this Agreement , the Investor Note , the other BCE Agreements and any documentation relating to Other Sources ; provided further , that references to Investor Notes herein refer to multiple loans made pursuant to such note , whether made with respect to Capital Commitment Investments or other BCE Investments , and references to an Investor Note refer to one such loan as the context requires .
FBR & Co. investment banking revenues in 2014 were generated from 55 client tran sactions representing $ 11 billion in transaction value .
For the avoidance of doubt , APH IX and Athene shall cause each Apollo Shareholder and Athene Shareholder , respectively , to the extent such Apollo Shareholder or Athene Shareholder is a controlled Affiliate thereof , to carry out the actions required to be performed by such Apollo Shareholder or Athene Shareholder , as applicable , pursuant to and in accordance with this Letter Agreement .
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc , a Delaware corporation , its wholly - owned subsidiaries , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc , a Colorado corporation ( RMCF ) , Aspen Leaf Yogurt , LLC , a Colorado limited liability company ( ALY ) , U - Swirl International , Inc. ( U - Swirl ) ( a Nevada corporation ) , and its 39%-owned subsidiary , U - Swirl , Inc , a Nevada corporation ( SWRL ) of which , RMCF had financial control until February 29 , 2016 ( collectively , the Company ) .
DBCS agreed to transfer and sell to Invesco all of DBCS interest in the PowerShares DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund ( the Fund ) , including the sole and exclusive power to direct the business and affairs of the Fund , as well as certain other assets pertaining to the management of the Fund , pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement ( the Transaction ) .
Additionally , IXYS CORP /DE/ have accounting and administrative operations in the Philippines , an external foundry and some of IXYS CORP /DE/ design and sales operations are located in South Korea and assembly subcontractors are located in Indonesia , the Philippines and South Korea .
In 2014 , Davrata Limited ( a subsidiary of Alkermes and Recro Pharma , Inc. s predecessor in interest ) filed suit against each of Actavis and Alvogen in the U.S. District Co urt for the District of Delaware based on the ANDAs , and in 2015 , Recro Pharma , Inc. filed suit against Actavis in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware based on the sANDA .
Room demand continued to be strong overall , but inconsistent demand from the group business segment and the onset of construction at MARCUS CORP Chicago hotel during the second quarter of fiscal 2015 contributed to variations in MARCUS CORP results by quarter , as evidenced by the table below : .
FBR & Co. ended 2015 with $ 210.8 million of total equity , $ 70.1 million in cash and no debt .
As further discussed in Notes 3 and 4 to BIOTIME INC condensed consolidated interim financial statements included elsewhere in this report , beginning on February 17 , 2017 , BIOTIME INC owned less than 50 % of the outstanding shares of OncoCyte common stock and no longer had a controlling financial interest in OncoCyte .
The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Halozyme Therapeutics , Inc. and HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS INC wholly owned subsidiary , Halozyme , Inc , and Halozyme , Inc. s wholly owned subsidiaries , Halozyme Holdings Ltd , Halozyme Royalty LLC and Halozyme Switzerland GmbH.
Executive Officers of IPL Patricia L. Kampling Ms. Kampling has served as a director since January 2012 , and as Chairman of the Board and CEO since April 2012 .
Mr. Kupfer served as a senior advisor for policy and government affairs at Chevron from February 2011 to January 2014 , and a Senior Vice President at Atlas Energy , Inc. from September 2009 to February 2011 .
Michael Tokarz , Chairman of MVC CAPITAL , INC , and Puneet Sanan and John Kelly , representatives of MVC CAPITAL , INC , serve as directors of MVC Automotive .
Orbital Tracking Corp. depends heavily on the continued efforts of David Phipps , Chairman , Chief Executive Officer and a director .
Represents Macquarie Infrastructure Corp proportionate share of IMTT 's Free Cash Flow prior to the IMTT Acquisition on July 16 , 2014 .
For example , certain of AMERICAN FINANCIAL GROUP INC s non - U.S. operations participate in global marine hull and war policies that provide coverage for damage to vessels navigating into and out of ports worldwide , which could include Iran .
Peter C. Zachariou , 55 , was appointed a Director of VYCOR MEDICAL INC in May 2010 , Executive Vice President in September 2010 and Chief Executive Officer on January 2 , 2014 .
Peru and Mexico require domestic corporations to maintain minimum legal reserves as a percentage of capital stock , resulting in restricted net assets of $ 35 million at Luz del Sur and $ 81 million at Sempra Energy s consolidated Mexican subsidiaries at December 31 , 2015 .
This increase was primarily the result of growth in Planet Fitness , Inc. franchise segment revenue of $ 7.7 million due to higher royalties received from additional franchisee - owned stores not included in the same store sales base , $ 4.1 million attributable to a same store sales increase of 8.3 % from franchisee - owned stores , and $ 1.8 million attributable to higher royalties on annual fees and higher vendor commissions , partially offset by higher operating expenses .
In August 2014 , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . entered into an acceleration and release agreement with Rio Tinto whereby CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . agreed to pay $ 45 million to Rio Tinto to terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement .
Name : Thomas R. Greco Title : President and Chief Executive Officer and Director .
As part of the agreement , NDA also agreed to cause its president , Dr. Daniel D. Von Hoff , M.D , to become a member of LIXTE BIOTECHNOLOGY HOLDINGS , INC . s Scientific Advisory Committee .
The following tables provide a summary of amounts comprising BIOGEN INC . share of pre - tax profits on RITUXAN and GAZYVA in the U.S. : .
On August 7 , 2014 , AXIM BIOTECHNOLOGIES , INC . formed a wholly owned Nevada subsidiary named Axim Holdings , Inc.
However , Blackstone Group L.P. have entered into a registration rights agreement with the limited partners of Blackstone Holdings that requires us to register these common units under the Securities Act and Blackstone Group L.P. have filed registration statements that cover the delivery of common units issued upon exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units .
Huibin Su . Huibin Su . Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Principal Accounting Manager and Director ( Principal Executive Officer and Financial Officer ) .
CBRE Cap s valuation materials were addressed solely to Steadfast Income REIT , Inc. board of directors to assist it in establishing an estimated value of Steadfast Income REIT , Inc. common stock .
Also , MARCUS CORP quarterly results of operations are significantly dependent on the quantity and audience appeal of films that MARCUS CORP exhibit during each quarter .
L. John Doerr served on the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee until December 17 , 2015 .
PMX Communities , Inc. internal control over financial reporting is the process designed by and under the supervision of PMX Communities , Inc. chief executive officer and chief financial officer , or the persons performing similar functions , to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of PMX Communities , Inc. financial reporting and the preparation of PMX Communities , Inc. financial statements for external reporting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
In 2016 and 2017 , COSTAR GROUP INC assumed a 38 % tax rate , which approximates COSTAR GROUP INC long - term effective corporate tax rate , excluding the impact of a discrete item related to excess tax benefits from stock - based compensation .
In addition , in his capacity as one of 1847 Holdings LLC directors and 1847 Holdings LLC majority shareholder , Mr. Roberts has the power to cause us to voluntarily terminate the management services agreement , although such voluntary termination would also require the vote of a majority of 1847 Holdings LLC board of directors .
Also on March 3 , 2016 and effective January 1 , 2016 , the Corporation s wholly owned subsidiary Orbital Satcom Corp. and Mr. Phipps , terminated an employment agreement between them dated February 19 , 2015 pursuant to which Mr. Phipps was employed as President of Orbital Satcom for an annual base salary of $ 180,000 .
The new dry - lease agreements may be terminated by FedEx or MAC and CSA , respectively , at any time upon 90 days written notice and FedEx may at any time terminate the lease of any particular aircraft thereunder upon 10 days written notice .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Eastgate Biotech Corp.   on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2016 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof   , I , Rose Perri , President and Treasurer of EASTGATE BIOTECH CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
If significant market disruption and volatility return , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT may not be able to refinance CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT existing debt when it comes due , draw upon CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT existing lines of credit or incur additional debt , which may require us to seek other funding sources to meet CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT liquidity needs or to fund CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT capital expenditures budget .
Marilyn Wilson Marilyn Wilson , P.E. President and Chief Operating Officer .
RPC INC 's current intention is to permanently reinvest funds held in RPC INC foreign subsidiaries outside of the U.S , with the possible exception of repatriation of funds that have been previously subject to U.S. federal and state taxation or when it would be tax effective through the utilization of foreign tax credits , or would otherwise create no additional U.S. tax cost .
SEI INVESTMENTS CO believe the following items were significant to SEI INVESTMENTS CO business results during 2015 : .
A significant portion of ADVANCED ENERGY INDUSTRIES INC operations outside the United States are located in the PRC , which exposes us to risks , such as exchange controls and currency restrictions , changes in local economic conditions , changes in customs regulations , changes in .
Mr. de C rdenas served as President , Enterprise Intelligence Solutions , from February 2014 to August 2014 , as Chief Operating Officer from August 2012 until February 2014 , as President of Global Sales and Customer Support from July 2011 to August 2012 and Executive Vice President , Americas from April 2008 to July 2011 .
Mr. Stuka has served as a director of Caliber Imaging Diagnostics , Inc. ( formerly Lucid , Inc. ) since June 2013 .
For calendar 2015 , he will be entitled to a bonus of $ 125,000 upon revenues of Mobiquity Networks achieving a minimum of $ 6 million in revenues and a further bonus of $ 125,000 for a total of $ 250,000 at such time as Mobiquity Network s revenues achieve a minimum of $ 12 million , it being understood that any revenues which do not have a 30 % margin shall not count toward these totals .
Material organizational goals for 2017 are advancing LimitX reformulations and at Board s discretion execute certain clinical studies , successfully complete ongoing development using Impede technology for a third party and receive the associated milestone , engage in a strategic transaction for Nexafed and Nexafed Sinus , execute strategic transaction , partnership or financing to maximize value to ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC s shareholders and debt holder , compliance with SOX and successfully managing ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC intellectual property .
Restaurant Brands International Inc. prepare Restaurant Brands International Inc. financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP or GAAP ) .
Prior to joining Timberland , Mr. Drugge was employed at Bank of America as a senior officer and most recently served as Senior Vice President and Commercial Banking Manager .
Under the terms of the certificate of authority granted to Maison by the Texas Department of Insurance , Maison is required to pledge securities totaling at least $ 2,000 with the State of Texas .
In 2014 , Medidata Solutions , Inc. effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. statutory rate of 35 % primarily due to the tax benefit of federal and state research and development credits and the domestic production activities deduction .
In July 2006 , KIWA BIO - TECH PRODUCTS GROUP CORP opened a new research center with CAU through KIWA BIO - TECH PRODUCTS GROUP CORP subsidiary , Kiwa Shandong , which goes under the name , KiwaCAU BioTech Research Development Center .
The United Kingdom 's vote to leave the European Union creates an uncertain political and economic environment in the United Kingdom and potentially across other European Union member states , which may last for a number of months or years .
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ( subsections ( a ) and ( b ) of Section 1350 , Chapter 63 of Title 18 , United States Code ) , I , Steven S. Sintros , Chief Financial Officer of UniFirst Corporation ( the Company ) , do hereby certify , to the best of my knowledge , that : .
As of February 22 , 2016 , Gary Winemaster alone beneficially owned approximately 36.02 % of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . outstanding shares of common stock .
NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC typically fund the cash requirements for NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC operations in the U.S. through NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC license , services , and maintenance agreements , intercompany charges for corporate services , and through the exercise of options and warrants .
If ETSY INC invest substantial time and resources to expand ETSY INC operations outside of the United States and can not manage these risks effectively , the costs of doing business in those markets may be prohibitive or ETSY INC expenses may increase disproportionately to the revenue generated in those markets .
In May 2017 the EPA proposed to approve a majority of the revisions , with a second SIP and EPA review to follow on the Nelson plant , with a final EPA decision expected in the fourth quarter 2017 .
Because of constraints on Ominto , Inc. sources of capital and Ominto , Inc. liquidity needs , Ominto , Inc. have continued to borrow from Michael Hansen , Ominto , Inc. s founder , a director , and Ominto , Inc. s current Executive Vice President , Development , to fund Ominto , Inc. operations .
Condor Hospitality Trust , Inc. ( CDOR , Condo r , or the Company ) was incorporated in Virginia on August 23 , 1994 and was reincorporated in Maryland on November 19 , 2014 .
As of June 30 , 2017 , there have been no material changes with respect to the risk factors disclosed in DAYTON POWER & LIGHT CO Form 10 - K.
In the event of termination , Dimension Therapeutics , Inc. shall pay the University of Pennsylvania the amount needed to cover costs through the effective termination date , as well as allowable commitments incurred ; provided , however , payments for allowable commitments extending beyond the effective termination date shall not exceed $ 2.8 million , as of December 31 , 2016 .
Except in connection with the settlement of trades or transactions entered into through the facilities of the NYSE , Essent Group Ltd. board of directors may generally require any shareholder or any person proposing to acquire Essent Group Ltd. shares to provide the information required under Essent Group Ltd.
If InspireMD , Inc. terminate Mr. Shore s employment without cause , Mr. Shore will be entitled , under Israeli law , to severance payments equal to his last month s salary multiplied by the number of years Mr. Shore has been employed with us .
The decreases in 2015 and 2014 primarily reflect impairments of LinnCo s investment in LINN Energy .
Dr. Rickard brings to the board of directors extensive executive leadership skills and an in - depth knowledge of capital markets , investments strategies , and analytical expertise .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of CEL - SCI Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending December 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , Geert Kersten , the Principal Executive and Financial Officer of CEL SCI CORP , certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of his knowledge : .
PACCAR Financial Corp. ( the Company ) , a Washington corporation , was incorporated in 1961 as a wholly owned subsidiary of PACCAR Inc ( PACCAR ) to finance the sale of PACCAR products .
From 2000 to 2005 , Mr. Youngkin led Carlyle s buyout activities in the United Kingdom and from 1995 to 2000 , he was a member of the U.S. buyout team .
I , Arraya Wilaiphan , President and Chief Executive Officer of messageBgone , Inc , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations also included in Orion Group Holdings Inc 2016 Form 10 - K. In the opinion of management , the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of Orion Group Holdings Inc s financial position , results of operations , and cash flows for the periods presented .
China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc. would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes if China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc were to repatriate these funds .
Results of Operations by Segment The following tables set forth net sales and SOP for Dr Pepper Snapple Group , Inc. segments for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , as well as the other amounts necessary to reconcile Dr Pepper Snapple Group , Inc. total segment results to Dr Pepper Snapple Group , Inc. consolidated results presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP : .
POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . are also party to a supply agreement with Doosan , under which POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . purchase and distribute , on an exclusive basis , specified Doosan engines within a territory consisting of North and Central America .
QEP RESOURCES , INC . financial results for the years ended December 31 , 2014 , 2013 and 2012 have been recast , in accordance with GAAP , to reflect the impact of the sale of substantially all of QEP 's midstream business ( see footnote ( 4 ) to the table below ) .
While the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan did not materially impair manufacturing operations at ENTEGRIS INC Yonezawa , Japan plant and while the June 2012 wildfires did not materially impair manufacturing operations at ENTEGRIS INC Colorado Springs plant , there can be no assurance that future such catastrophes will not impact ENTEGRIS INC manufacturing operations or those of ENTEGRIS INC supply chain partners by disrupting ENTEGRIS INC ability to manufacture and deliver products to ENTEGRIS INC customers , resulting in an adverse impact on ENTEGRIS INC business and results of operations .
Mr. Shields also serves as the Chief Executive Officer of GBA .
OptiLeaf Incorporated ( OptiLeaf or the Company ) was incorporated in Florida in August 2014 .
Prior to joining Hannon Westwood in 2003 , Mr. Norbury held various positions with Amerada Hess International since 1985 , most recently as Executive Manager , Exploration with responsibility for .
Theresa Carlise , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Secretary , 57 , was appointed Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Secretary on June 9 , 2015 .
The timing of holidays can also impact La Quinta Holdings Inc. quarterly results .
Prior to December 31 , 2016 , the Financial Statements of CONDUENT Inc were derived from the Consolidated Financial Statements and accounting records of Xerox as if CONDUENT Inc operated on a standalone basis and were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC .
Exhibit 32.2 I , Venugopal Rathi , the Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer ) of TCG BDC , Inc. ( the Company ) , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Foundation Building Materials , Inc. management s discussion and analysis of Foundation Building Materials , Inc. financial condition and results of operations is based on Foundation Building Materials , Inc. consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States , or GAAP .
President Obama created the Interagency Working Group on Unconventional Natural Gas and Oil by Executive Order on April 13 , 2012 , which is charged with coordinating and aligning federal agency research and scientific studies on unconventional natural gas and oil resources .
SURENDRA BABU MANDAVA has served as Senior Vice President , Research and Development of Cadence since January 2017 .
Genesys Industries , Inc. ( the Company ) , was incorporated on December 9 , 2014 under the laws of the State of Florida .
On March 11 , 2016 , a purported class action lawsuit was filed against MAGICJACK VOCALTEC LTD , its then Chief Executive Officer , Gerald Vento , and its then Chief Financial Officer , Jose Gordo ( together , " the Defendants " ) , in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York .
Carbonite Inc effective income tax rate varied from the statutory income tax rate principally due to the release of U.S. valuation allowance as a result of the acquisition of Double - Take , and pre - tax book losses in the U.S. and Switzerland that can not be benefited .
Certificate of Johan G. Broekhuysen , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a ) .
Operating margin decreased in 2016 primarily due to the recording of FedEx SmartPost revenues on a gross basis ( including postal fees in revenues and expenses ) , the inclusion of FedEx Supply Chain results for a full year , and higher self - insurance expenses .
MERRIMACK PHARMACEUTICALS INC net loss was $ 29.2 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , $ 153.5 million for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , $ 147.8 million for the year ended December 31 , 2015 and .
Lawrence J. Meerschaert Name : Lawrence J. Meerschaert Title : Vice President Tax , Assistant Treasurer and Secretary .
Mr. Brody serves as a director and/or officer for various subsidiaries of IBG LLC .
Accounting for the Results of Aventine and PE Op Co. Pacific Ethanol , Inc. closed Pacific Ethanol , Inc. acquisition of Aventine on July 1 , 2015 and , as a result , Pacific Ethanol , Inc. results of operations include Aventine s results of operations as of and for the year ended December 31 , 2016 and only for the six months ended December 31 , 2015 .
Under the laws of Canada , ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN , LLC subsidiaries are subject to income tax examination for the 2011 tax year and subsequent tax years .
In connection with the Loan Agreement Amendment , Castle Brands Inc entered into the following ancillary agreements : ( i ) a Reaffirmation Agreement with ( a ) certain of Castle Brands Inc officers , including John Glover , Castle Brands Inc Chief Operating Officer , T. Kelley Spillane , Castle Brands Inc Senior Vice President - Global Sales , and Alfred J. Small , Castle Brands Inc Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer Secretary and ( b ) certain junior lenders of ours , including Frost Gamma Investments Trust , an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost , M.D , a director of ours and a principal shareholder of ours , Mark E. Andrews , III , a director of ours and Castle Brands Inc Chairman , an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen , a director of ours and Castle Brands Inc President and Chief Executive Officer , an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn , a director of ours , Dennis Scholl , a former director of ours , and Vector Group Ltd , a more than 5 % shareholder of ours , of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer , Henry Beinstein , a director of ours , is a director and Phillip Frost , M.D. is a principal shareholder , which , among other things , reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer , us and ACF and ( ii ) an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note .
Certain of Bluerock Residential Growth REIT , Inc. directors and executive officers have interests in the Internalization that are different from , and may potentially conflict with , the interests of us and Bluerock Residential Growth REIT , Inc. stockholders .
quarterly variations in Intersect ENT , Inc. results of operations or those of others in Intersect ENT , Inc. industry ; .
Exhibit 32.1 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ( the Exchange Ac t ) , and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code ( 18 U.S.C. 1350 ) , Joshua L. Coates , Chief Executive Officer of Instructure , Inc. ( the Company ) , and Steven B. Kaminsky , Chief Financial Officer of INSTRUCTURE INC , each hereby certifies that , to the best of his knowledge : .
Pursuant to the consulting agreement , Trident Brands Inc agreed to issue to Dr. Bailes 5 % of the issued and outstanding shares of Brain Armor Inc. effective November 30 , 2015 .
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , WELLS FARGO COMPANY has caused this Certificate of Designations to be signed by Barbara S. Brett , its Senior Vice President and Assistant Treasurer , and Laurel A. Holschuh , its Secretary , this 30 th day of December , 2008 .
On May 10 , 2012 , at YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . s request , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , Shane McMahon , made a loan to YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
Serving the industry for more than three decades , BLACKBAUD INC are headquartered in Charleston , South Carolina and have operations in the United States , Australia , Canada and the United Kingdom .
During 2016 , NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO INC settled its Norway defined benefit plan and transferred all participants to the defined - contribution plan .
In addition , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT rely on CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT systems to track CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT utility assets and to manage maintenance and construction projects , materials and supplies , and CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT human resource functions .
Mr. Nadella also serves on the Board of Directors of Starbucks Corporation .
Previously , Mr. Sachs served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Sg2 , a healthcare analytics and consulting firm , from July 2000 until Surgical Care Affiliates , Inc. was sold to MedAssets in 2014 .
Home Federal Bancorp , Inc. of Louisiana home office is located in Shreveport , Louisiana .
Gerard L. Esposito Mr. Esposito joined Tidewater in 1998 as Executive Vice President .
Ms. Lazarus was elected to the board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner effective July 9 , 2013 .
As AUTHENTIDATE HOLDING CORP and Mr. Marshall did not further extend the term of his employment , Mr. Marshall s resignation as the Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer of AUTHENTIDATE HOLDING CORP became effective on March 1 , 2016 .
( 1 ) Includes ( a ) matching contributions to Nodak Mutual s 401(k ) plan of $ 42,400 for each of Mr. Alexander , Mr. Doom , and Mr. Duncan , ( b ) director fees paid to Mr. Alexander and Mr. Doom , ( c ) country club dues for each of the named executive officers , ( d ) a company car provided to Mr. Alexander , ( e ) executive wellness benefits for Mr. Alexander and Mr. Duncan , and ( f ) true - up payments to a non - qualified deferred compensation plan for each of Mr. Alexander , Mr. Doom , and Mr. Duncan .
During the first nine months of 2016 , REVA Medical , Inc. operating activities consisted of clinical trial enrollments , which were completed in March 2016 with a total of 240 patients enrolled , performing follow - up assessments of the patients , collecting the related clinical data to support the CE Mark submission that was completed in August 2016 , and refining REVA Medical , Inc. manufacturing processes in preparation for the commercialization of Fantom .
ATLANTIC ACQUISITION INC . was incorporated in December 2015 .
( a ) The Holder of this Note is entitled , at its option , at any time , to convert all or any amount of the principal face amount of this Note then outstanding into shares of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. 's common stock ( the " Common Stock " ) at a price ( " Conversion Price " ) for each share of Common Stock equal to 65 % of the lowest trading price of the Common Stock as reported on the OTC Markets electronic quotation service or such marketplace upon which Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. s shares are traded or any exchange upon which the Common Stock may be traded in the future ( " Exchange " ) , for the twenty prior trading days including the day upon which a Notice of Conversion is received by Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. or its transfer agent ( provided such Notice of Conversion is delivered by fax or other electronic method of communication to Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. or its transfer agent after 4 P.M. Eastern Standard or Daylight Savings Time if the Holder wishes to include the same day closing price ) .
In fiscal year 2014 , U - Swirl acquired the franchise rights of frozen yogurt stores branded as CherryBerry , Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt and Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt , and U - Swirl currently operates and franchises self - serve frozen yogurt caf s under the names U - Swirl , Yogurtini , CherryBerry , Josie s Frozen Yogurt , Yogli Mogli Frozen Yogurt , Fuzzy Peach Frozen Yogurt , Let s Yo , and Aspen Leaf Yogurt .
Daniel J. Moos Director , President and Treasurer .
The principal reasons for the MI Acquisition were ( i ) the global expansion of CANTEL MEDICAL CORP infection prevention and control product offerings in Endoscopy , ( ii ) the opportunity to sell CANTEL MEDICAL CORP existing endoscopy products to MI s installed base , ( iii ) the ability to combine the MI sales force with CANTEL MEDICAL CORP existing United Kingdom organization to create what CANTEL MEDICAL CORP believe will be a dominant UK sales force in endoscopy product sales and service , ( iv ) to achieve cost savings through various operating synergies , ( v ) the ability to leverage CANTEL MEDICAL CORP direct sales force to accelerate the growth of MI products in the U.S. and various international markets , and ( vi ) the expectation that the acquisition will be accretive to CANTEL MEDICAL CORP EPS in fiscal 2017 and beyond .
On September 9 , 2016 , through BBE , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a letter agreement with PetroChase , Inc. pursuant to which Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. agreed to purchase 50 % of a 70 % net revenue interest held by PetroChase in a certain oil and gas lease known as the McKean County Project , located in McKean County , Pennsylvania .
ELECTRONIC ARTS INC . are also required to pay taxes other than income taxes , such as payroll , sales , use , value - added , net worth , property and goods and services taxes , in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions .
On November 7 , 2016 , ANGIODYNAMICS INC entered into a Credit Agreement ( the Credit Agreement ) with the lenders party thereto , JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A , as administrative agent , Bank of America , N.A. and Keybank National Association as co - syndication agents , and JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A , Merrill Lynch , Pierce , Fenner Smith Incorporated and Keybank National Association as joint bookrunners and joint lead arrangers .
The CSRV system technology has been developed over a period of more than 20 years by COATES INTERNATIONAL LTD \DE\ s founder George J. Coates , President and Chief Executive Officer , and his son Gregory G. Coates .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S , ( or GAAP ) , requires Fuse Medical , Inc. management to make judgments , assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts of revenue , expenses , income , assets and liabilities , reported in Fuse Medical , Inc. consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes .
Executive Compensation Information required by this Item 11 will be included in RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . definitive proxy statement for RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . 2016
Castle Brands Inc distribute Castle Brands Inc products in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia , in thirteen primary international markets , including Ireland , Great Britain , Northern Ireland , Germany , Canada , Israel , Bulgaria , France , Finland , Norway , Sweden , Denmark , China and the Duty Free markets , and in a number of other countries .
Mr. Hansen was Vice President of Finance Corporate Controller and Treasurer of Perma - Fix Environmental Services , Inc , a publicly - traded environmental services company , and held other corporate and regional accounting positions at Perma - Fix Environmental Services from 1995 to 2005 .
Mr. Ahneman was elected Vice President , Sales in May 2013 .
The table below sets forth information about Aly Energy Services , Inc. directors and executive officers : Name Age Position Munawar H. Hidayatallah 73 Chairman Shauvik Kundagrami 53 Chief Executive Officer and Vice - Chairman Greg Price 65 President and Chief Operating Officer
Additionally , these SSP products are currently manufactured and supplied by SiMatrix , a Vesta subsidiary , and if SiMatrix becomes unable or unwilling to supply these products , Sientra , Inc. may not be able to find an alternate supplier in a timely manner .
Rhonda A. Longmore - Grund became Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in March 2016 .
Additionally , Mr. Lorenzini s operational and management experience with Bunzl PLC , Bunzl USA , and Bunzl North America is integral to FutureFuel Corp. board s assessment of FutureFuel Corp. business opportunities and strategic options .
Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a ) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by Owen Kratz , Chief Executive Officer .
DCP Holding CO s unearned premium revenue was approximately $ 46,847,000 and $ 46,955,000 at September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , respectively , and primarily relates to the estimated premium revenue associated with the remaining contract periods .
The primary driver of this increase was employee - related expenses of Intersect ENT , Inc. sales , marketing and reimbursement organizations which increased $ 14.0 million , as Intersect ENT , Inc. increased headcount in these organizations to 97 as of December 31 , 2014 , compared to 55 at December 31 , 2013 .
( g ) The Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units shown in the table above for such named executive officers and directors include ( a ) the following units held for the benefit of family members with respect to which the named executive officer or director , as applicable , disclaims beneficial ownership : Mr. Schwarzman 1,666,666 units held in various trusts for which Mr. Schwarzman is the investment trustee , Mr. James 10,657,207 units held in various trusts for which Mr. James and his brother are trustees ( but Mr. James does not have or share investment control with respect to the units ) , Mr. Hill 5,636,348 units held in various trusts for which Mr. Hill s spouse is the investment trustee and 2,683,308 units held in a family limited liability company , Mr. Chae 150,070 units held in a trust for which Mr. Chae is the investment trustee and Mr. Gray 4,566,437 units held in a trust for which Mr. Gray is the investment trustee , ( b ) the following units held in grantor retained annuity trusts for which the named executive officer or director , as applicable , is the investment trustee : Mr. Schwarzman 2,365,163 units , and Mr. Gray 15,565,132 units , and ( c ) the following units held by a corporation for which the named executive officer is a controlling shareholder : Mr. Schwarzman 1,438,529 units and Mr. Goodman 1,737,550 units owned by family limited liability companies .
PEABODY ENERGY CORP Midwestern U.S. Mining operations include PEABODY ENERGY CORP Illinois and Indiana mining operations , which are characterized by a mix of surface and underground mining extraction processes , coal with a higher sulfur content and Btu and lower customer transportation costs ( due to shorter shipping distances ) .
On March 9 , 2016 , IZEA , Inc. formed IZEA Canada , Inc , a wholly - owned subsidiary , incorporated in Ontario , Canada to operate as a sales office for IZEA 's Canadian customers and partners .
WYNN RESORTS LTD expect most of the revenues and expenses for any casino that WYNN RESORTS LTD operate in Macau will be in Hong Kong dollars or Macau patacas .
Mr. Warren spent 10 years as a natural resources investment banker focused on equity and debt financing and M A advisory with Lehman Brothers , Dillons Read Co. Inc. and Kidder , Peabody Co.
To the extent SKYWEST INC place these aircraft in service under SKYWEST INC code share agreements with Delta , United , or other carriers , SKYWEST INC code share agreements currently provide that reimbursement rates will be adjusted higher or lower to reflect interest rate changes in SKYWEST INC aircraft ownership costs .
He served as executive vice president and chief administrative officer of TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC company from 2007 until April 2011 .
CORPORATE PROPERTY ASSOCIATES 18 GLOBAL INC make intercompany loans to a number of CORPORATE PROPERTY ASSOCIATES 18 GLOBAL INC foreign subsidiaries , most of which do not have the U.S. dollar as their functional currency .
Roberto Simon Roberto Simon Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
FTI CONSULTING INC provide expert testimony , testimony regarding class certifications , and quantification of damages analyses for corporations , governments and public - sector entities in the U.S. and around the world .
NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC intend to permanently reinvest these funds outside the U.S , and therefore , NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC do not anticipate repatriating undistributed earnings from NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC non - U.S. operations .
Proposed TIAA Merger On August 7 , 2016 , EverBank Financial Corp entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger ( Merger Agreement ) with TIAA .
As of April 1 , 2017 , the purchase accounting valuations for the acquired net assets of BTC , including intangible assets , were not complete ; SNAP - ON Inc anticipates completing the valuations in the second quarter of 2017 .
To date , Sonos has been issued 325,000 restricted shares of CEREBAIN BIOTECH CORP . s stock and CEREBAIN BIOTECH CORP . has paid approximately $ 220,000 , of which $ 65,000 has been incurred towards CEREBAIN BIOTECH CORP . s monetary commitment .
In October 2015 , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC entered into a definitive agreement to purchase the broadcast assets of WBST ( CBS ) in South Bend - Elkhart , Indiana , owned by Schurz Communications , Inc , and to sell the broadcast assets of WLUC ( NBC and FOX ) in Marquette , Michigan to Gray Television , Inc. SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC completed the station swap in February 2016 .
From February 2012 to January 2013 , Ms. Walker served as Senior Vice President , Segment , Services and Partner Marketing , and from February 2013 until May 2015 as Senior Vice President , Go To Market .
Vodka Brands Corp future depends on the continued contributions of Mark T. Lucero , Vodka Brands Corp Founder , Chief Executive Officer , President and Director who would be difficult to replace .
Asia Properties , Inc. ( the Company ) was incorporated in Nevada , the United States of America on April 6 , 1998 .
Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP , which requires the use of estimates and assumptions that involve the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties .
Timothy P. Boyle Chief Executive Officer , Director Joseph P. Boyle Senior Vice President , Columbia Merchandising and Design Peter J. Bragdon Executive Vice President , Chief Administrative Officer , General Counsel and Secretary Thomas B. Cusick Executive Vice President of Finance , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Franco Fogliato Senior Vice President and General Manager EMEA Russell B. Hopcus Senior Vice President of North America Sales Bryan L. Timm President and Chief Operating Officer .
The $ 13.9 million decrease in general and administrative expense for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 as compared to the six months ended June 30 , 2016 was primarily attributable to a decrease of $ 7.2 million in compensation due to restructuring activities in 2016 , a decrease of $ 3.0 million related to early duvelisib commercial activities and a decrease of $ 2.2 million related to professional service fees .
uniQure N.V. R D expenses increased to $ 46.6 million in 2016 from $ 33.1 million in 2015 and $ 26.9 million in 2014 primarily as result of the Phase I / II study of AMT-060 uniQure N.V. initiated in 2014 , the intensification of uniQure N.V. activities to support the research of S100A1 following uniQure N.V. collaboration with BMS commencing in May 2015 , as well as progressing the research activities associated with AMT-130 in Huntington 's disease and uniQure N.V. collaboration with 4D to develop next - generation vector serotypes ; uniQure N.V. incurred operating expenses related to the build - out and certification of uniQure N.V. Lexington plant of $ 20.7 million in 2016 compared to $ 15.5 million in 2015 and $ 6.9 million in 2014 ; uniQure N.V. incurred no operating expenses related to the development of Glybera in 2016 compared to $ 1.0 million in 2015 and $ 2.0 million in 2014 ; uniQure N.V. incurred operating expenses related to the rental of a research facility in Heidelberg ( associated with the acquisition of InoCard in June 2014 ) , the rental of temporary research space in Amsterdam ( beginning in October 2015 ) and the build out of uniQure N.V. new facility in Amsterdam ( commencing in March 2016 ) .
The following table provides summary information about Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 : .
Long - Term Debt Royalty - backed Loan In January 2016 , through HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS INC wholly - owned subsidiary Halozyme Royalty LLC ( Halozyme Royalty ) , HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS INC received a $ 150 million loan ( the Royalty - backed Loan ) pursuant to a credit agreement ( the Credit Agreement ) with BioPharma Credit Investments IV Sub , LP and Athyrium Opportunities II Acquisition LP ( the Royalty - backed Lenders ) .
The amount of dividends paid by Joway Health Industries Group Inc PRC subsidiaries to us primarily depends on the service fees paid to Joway Health Industries Group Inc PRC subsidiaries from Joway Shengshi and its subsidiaries , and , to a lesser degree , Joway Health Industries Group Inc. PRC subsidiaries retained earnings .
Reliance Bank is headquartered in Story City , Iowa with a population of 3,434 .
Note 4 Liability Related to Sale of Future Royalties On February 24 , 2012 , NEKTAR THERAPEUTICS entered into a Purchase and Sale Agreement ( the Purchase and Sale Agreement ) with RPI Finance Trust ( RPI ) , an affiliate of Royalty Pharma , pursuant to which NEKTAR THERAPEUTICS sold , and RPI purchased , NEKTAR THERAPEUTICS right to receive royalty payments ( the Royalty Entitlement ) arising from the worldwide net sales , from and after January 1 , 2012 , of ( a ) CIMZIA , under NEKTAR THERAPEUTICS license , manufacturing and supply agreement with UCB Pharma ( UCB ) , and ( b ) MIRCERA , under NEKTAR THERAPEUTICS license , manufacturing and supply agreement with F. Hoffmann - La Roche Ltd and Hoffmann - La Roche Inc. ( together referred to as Roche ) .
The following table represents HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA s stock option activity for the year ended December 31 , 2013 ( in thousands , except per share data and years ): .
In October 2014 , the 75 - MW Broken Bow 2 Wind project achieved commercial operation and , in November 2014 , Sempra Renewables sold a 50 - percent equity interest in Broken Bow 2 Wind to Con Edison Development .
Net cash used in FBR & Co. operating activities of $ 18.9 million during 2014 compares to $ 99.2 million of cash provided by operating activities during 2013 .
Six Months Ended June 30 , 2017 vs. Six Months Ended June 30 , 2016 REALOGY GROUP LLC consolidated results comprised the following : . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ .
Following INSTRUCTURE INC IPO , INSTRUCTURE INC rely on the closing price of INSTRUCTURE INC common stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on the date of grant to determine the fair value of INSTRUCTURE INC common stock .
From March 2008 until September 2011 , Mr. Williams served as the Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Secretary of GTX Corp , a public company engaged in the commercialization of miniaturized assisted GPS tracking and cellular location - transmitting technologies .
Effective August 3 , 2015 , CIT acquired IMB HoldCo LLC ( " IMB " ) and its wholly owned subsidiary , OneWest Bank , National Association ( " OneWest Bank " ) and merged CIT Bank , a Utah state bank , into OneWest Bank ( the " OneWest Bank Transaction " ) .
Executive Vice President of Clinical and Preclinical Development and Pharmacovigilance and Chief Medical Officer , Dale Hooks , Clovis Oncology , Inc.
I , Mark Gatto , Co - Chief Executive Officer and Co - President of ICON Capital , LLC , the Manager of the Registrant , in connection with the Annual Report of ICON Leasing Fund Eleven , LLC ( the LLC ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Annual Report ) , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
In addition , certain states in which UNIT CORP operate , including Texas , Oklahoma , Kansas , Colorado , and Wyoming have adopted , and other states as well as municipalities and other local governmental entities in some states , have and others are considering adopting regulations and ordinances that could impose more stringent permitting , public disclosure of fracking fluids , waste disposal , and well construction requirements on these operations , and even restrict or ban hydraulic fracturing in .
In February 2016 , Topgolf announced that Providence Equity Partners L.L.C. ( Providence Equity ) made a significant minority preferred stock investment in Topgolf ( the Providence Equity Investment ) .
Mr. Hardesty serves on the Visiting Committee of the Petroleum Natural Gas Engineering Department of the College of Engineering and Mineral Resources at West Virginia University .
Mytesi revenue included in Jaguar Health , Inc. s revenue for the three months ended September 2017 and 2016 is $ 364,054 and $ 0 , respectively .
In order for CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . common stock to continue to be listed on the NYSE , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . are required to comply with various listing standards , including the maintenance of a minimum average closing price of at least $ 1.00 per share during a consecutive 30 trading - day period .
In response to this trend , ENTEGRIS INC have , for example , expanded ENTEGRIS INC operations in Taiwan and South Korea to provide manufacturing capabilities to support ENTEGRIS INC important customers in these regions , ENTEGRIS INC have established sales and service offices in China in anticipation of a growing semiconductor manufacturing base in that country and ENTEGRIS INC have transferred customer support and logistics activities to local regions , including ENTEGRIS INC expanded presence in Singapore , to enhance ENTEGRIS INC global and regional management of supply chain and manufacturing processes , and ENTEGRIS INC maintain advanced technology centers in Taiwan and South Korea .
System Energy System Energy Resources , Inc. TWh Terawatt - hour(s ) , which equals one billion kilowatt - hours Unit Power Sales Agreement Agreement , dated as of June 10 , 1982 , as amended and approved by FERC , among Entergy Arkansas , Entergy Louisiana , Entergy Mississippi , Entergy New Orleans , and System Energy , relating to the sale of capacity and energy from System Energy s share of Grand Gulf Utility Entergy s business segment that generates , transmits , distributes , and sells electric power , with a small amount of natural gas distribution Utility operating companies Entergy Arkansas , Entergy Louisiana , Entergy Mississippi , Entergy New Orleans , and Entergy Texas .
On February 4 , 2013 , World Moto Technologies Ltd , a wholly owned subsidiary of World Moto , Inc , was organized under the laws of the Kingdom of Thailand and the name of this company was later changed to World Moto Co , Ltd. World Moto Co , Ltd. is owned in its entirety by World Moto , Inc , World Moto Technologies , Inc. and World Moto Holdings , Inc.
Dennis Herrera v. American Express Co. et al , was filed in California state court on behalf of the People of California by the San Francisco City Attorney for the benefit of California merchants that accept American Express cards .
Hughes Satellite Systems Corp have potential conflicts of interest with DISH Network due to EchoStar and DISH Network s common ownership .
On May 27 , 2016 , FOOTHILLS EXPLORATION , INC . entered into a Share Exchange Agreement with shareholders of FPI whereby FOOTHILLS EXPLORATION , INC . acquired all of the outstanding shares of FPI in exchange for 4,500,000 shares of FOOTHILLS EXPLORATION , INC . common stock and also issued 1,503,759 shares of FOOTHILLS EXPLORATION , INC . common stock on automatic conversion of debt ( please see discussion below under Overview ) for an aggregate of 6,003,759 shares of FOOTHILLS EXPLORATION , INC . common stock ( the Share Exchange ) .
John T. McRae joined SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC in January 2011 and currently serves as its Chief Information Officer , a role he assumed in July 2014 .
EQUITY CrossAmerica Distributions Quarterly distribution activity for 2017 was as follows : .
David W. Williams David W. Williams Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer of Noble Corporation plc , a company registered under the laws of England and Wales , and President and Chief Executive Officer of Noble Corporation , a Cayman Islands company .
In its first amended complaint , Jacksonville PFPF asserted claims that Mr. Ergen breached his fiduciary duty to DISH Network in connection with certain purchases of LightSquared debt by SPSO , an entity controlled by Mr. Ergen , and that the other Director Defendants aided and abetted that alleged breach of duty .
* Refer to Sensitivity Analysis Related to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure and the reasons COMPASS MINERALS INTERNATIONAL INC use this non - GAAP measure .
For the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , 2U , Inc. net losses were $ 20.7 million , $ 26.7 million and $ 29.0 million , respectively , and 2U , Inc.
On March 31 , 2016 , the members exchanged the ownership interest in OcuHub LLC for 385,800 shares of TearLab Corp s common stock .
As of January 31 , 2016 , Stillwater Holdings LLC ( f / k / a Stillwater LLC ) owned approximately 18 % of EMAGIN CORP outstanding voting stock , Flat Creek Fiduciary Management , as trustee of a trust which the sole member of Stillwater Holdings LLC has investment control , owned approximately 11 % of EMAGIN CORP outstanding voting stock , Stillwater Trust LLC owned 4 % of EMAGIN CORP outstanding voting stock and the sole member of Stillwater Holdings LLC is the investment manager of Rainbow Gate Corporation , which owned approximately 5 % of EMAGIN CORP outstanding voting stock .
Rothacker or his successors may appoint a new manager of 3032 Wilshire SM LLC only with the written approval of the Required Percentage .
Incorporated in 1998 , EnSync is headquartered in Menomonee Falls , Wisconsin , USA with offices in Madison , Wisconsin , Petaluma , California , Honolulu , Hawaii and Shanghai , China .
Dispositions Upon the sale of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. wholly owned subsidiary , Petroken Petroquimica Ensenada S.A. in February 2016 , LyondellBasell Industries N.V. received net proceeds of $ 137 million , which is reflected in Cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .
The remaining balance of executive repayment due PROVECTUS BIOPHARMACEUTICALS , INC . as of June 30 , 2017 is $ 1,132,381 , including a reserve for uncollectibility of $ 1,549,043 in connection with the resignation of Dr. Dees , PROVECTUS BIOPHARMACEUTICALS , INC . s former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , and termination of Mr. Culpepper , PROVECTUS BIOPHARMACEUTICALS , INC . s former Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer , and former interim Chief Executive Officer following Dr. Dees resignation , with a present value discount remaining of $ 57,623 .
The total amount of rent paid by CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES INC foreign subsidiaries , including the minimum lease payments as noted above , for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 translated to U.S. currency as of the balance sheet date was $ 41,201 as compared to the three month period ended September 30 , 2016 of $ 36,257 .
In addition , any action or omission shall be deemed to be in , or not opposed to , the best interests of LinnCo and LinnCo , LLC shareholders if the person making the determination subjectively believes that such action or omission of action is in , or not opposed to , the best interest of LINN Energy and all its unitholders , taken together , and such person may take into account the totality of the relationship between LINN Energy and us .
Mr. Ruhlman is the son of Robert G. Ruhlman , Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of the Company .
The following companies ( the " Operating Entities ) are included in these condensed consolidated financial statements : Bison Drilling and Field Services , LLC ( Bison Drilling ) , formed November 15 , 2010 ; Bison Trucking LLC ( Bison Trucking ) , formed August 9 , 2013 ; White Wing Tubular Services LLC ( White Wing ) , formed July 29 , 2014 ; Barracuda Logistics LLC ( Barracuda ) , formed October 24 , 2014 ; Mr. Inspections LLC ( MRI ) , formed January 25 , 2015 ; Panther Drilling Systems LLC ( Panther ) , formed December 11 , 2012 ; Redback Energy Services , LLC ( Energy Services ) , formed October 6 , 2011 ; Redback Coil Tubing , LLC ( Coil Tubing ) , formed May 15 , 2012 ; Redback Pump Down Services LLC ( Pump Down ) , formed January 16 , 2015 ; Muskie Proppant LLC ( Muskie ) , formed September 14 , 2011 ; Stingray Pressure Pumping LLC ( Pressure Pumping ) , formed March 20 , 2012 ; Stingray Logistics LLC ( Logistics ) , formed November 19 , 2012 ; and Great White Sand Tiger Lodging Ltd. ( Lodging ) , formed October 1 , 2007 , Silverback Energy Services LLC ( " Silverback " ) , formed June 8 , 2016 ; Mammoth Equipment Leasing LLC , formed on November 14 , 2016 ; Cobra Acquisitions LLC ( " Cobra Acquisitions " ) , formed January 9 , 2017 ; Cobra Energy LLC ( " Cobra " ) , formed January 24 , 2017 ; Piranha Proppant LLC ( " Piranha " ) , formed March 28 , 2017 ; Mako Acquisitions LLC , ( Mako ) formed on March 28 , 2017 ; Higher Power Electrical LLC ( " Higher Power " ) , acquired April 21 , 2017 ; Stingray Energy Services LLC ( " SR Energy " ) , acquired June 5 , 2017 ; Stingray Cementing LLC ( " Cementing " ) , acquired June 5 , 2017 ; Sturgeon Acquisitions LLC ( Sturgeon ) , acquired June 5 , 2017 ; Taylor Frac , LLC ( Taylor Frac ) , acquired June 5 , 2017 ; Taylor Real Estate Investments , LLC ( Taylor RE ) , acquired June 5 , 2017 ; and South River Road , LLC ( South River ) , acquired June 5 , 2017 .
The Navy terminated a contract which originally called for the delivery of 11,085 Hand Held Signal Flares from May 2012 to approximately September 2014 , as a result of the unwillingness of the Defense Contract Management Agency to recognize the novation of the contract to the purchaser of the assets of Ordnance .
Each director was granted shares of NETWORK CN INC s common stock subject to a vesting period of twelve months in the following amounts : Earnest Leung , 13,333 shares ; Wong Wing Kong , 13,333 shares ; Frederick Wong , 13,333 shares and Shirley Cheng , 13,333 shares .
The following discussion and analysis is based upon RenovaCare , Inc. consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States , and should be read in conjunction with RenovaCare , Inc. financial statements and related notes .
CERUS CORP have a small scientific affairs group in the U.S. and the Netherlands that supports CERUS CORP commercialization efforts as well as medical science liaisons , or MSLs , to help educate hospitals and physicians on CERUS CORP products , clinical trial history and publications .
In April 2014 , Intersect ENT , Inc. entered into an agreement with Polymer Solutions Incorporated , or PSI , pursuant to which PSI supplies us with analytical testing services for Intersect ENT , Inc. polymer materials .
Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. promoters are Mr. Blum , Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. chairman , chief executive officer , chief financial officer and secretary , and Mr. Matondi , III , Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. president .
Growth in strategic imperatives revenue of 11 percent ( 12 percent adjusted for currency ) to $ 34.1 billion over the prior 12 months which now represents 43 percent of INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP s revenue , leveraging INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP s strong position in traditional IT .
The following table highlights selected information related to RADIAN GROUP INC consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 : .
HUBSPOT INC continue to implement policies and procedures to facilitate HUBSPOT INC compliance with U.S. laws and regulations applicable to or arising from HUBSPOT INC international business .
Drug Development and Manufacturing , which includes an issued U.S. patent that is expected to expire in about 2021 ; .
In connection with the Merger Agreement and the closing of the Merger , on November 15 , 2016 , Marina entered into a License Agreement with Autotelic LLC ( the License Agreement ) , a stockholder of IThenaPharma that became the holder of 23,123,558 shares of Marina common stock as a result of the Merger , and an entity of which Dr. Trieu , the Chairman of Marina Biotech , Inc. Board of Directors ( the Board ) serves as Chief Executive Officer , pursuant to which ( i ) Marina licensed to Autotelic LLC certain patent rights , data and know - how relating to FAP and nasal insulin , for human therapeutics other than for oncology - related therapies and indications , and ( ii )
Atlas Energy Group , LLC Subsidiaries Eagle Ford Acquisition On November 5 , 2014 , Atlas Energy Group , LLC ARP and AGP subsidiaries completed an acquisition of oil and natural gas liquid interests in the Eagle Ford Shale in Atascosa County , Texas from Cima Resources , LLC and Cinco Resources , Inc. ( together Cinco ) for $ 342.0 million , net of purchase price adjustments ( the Eagle Ford Acquisition ) .
Ryan C. Farris President , Capital Auto Receivables LLC , as Depositor ( Senior Officer in charge of securitization of the depositor ) .
Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the period ended December 31 , 2015 ( the Report ) , I , David W. Hitchcock , Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC , hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to my knowledge : ( 1 ) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and ( 2 )
ICF International , Inc , incorporated in Delaware , is headquartered in Fairfax , Virginia .
STK Edinburgh , which is wholly - owned by TOG UK , was formed on June 12 , 2015 under the laws of the United Kingdom .
In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 of P. H. Glatfelter Company ( the Company ) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Dante C. Parrini , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of GLATFELTER P H CO , certify to the best of my knowledge , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , that : .
Kura Oncology , Inc. are highly dependent on the expertise of Troy E. Wilson , Ph . D , J.D , Kura Oncology , Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer , Antonio Gualberto , M.D , Ph . D ,
Although CESCA THERAPEUTICS INC . intend to seek a new independent director to fill the vacancy created by Dr. Rao s resignation , CESCA THERAPEUTICS INC . are a controlled company under NASDAQ rules and will rely on the exemption from NASDAQ s requirement to have a majority of independent directors if CESCA THERAPEUTICS INC . are unable to fill the vacancy within the time period otherwise required by NASDAQ rules .
Grand Perfecta , Inc. ( Grand Perfecta ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 25 , 2002 , as STI Holdings , Inc. ( STI ) .
HYPERDYNAMICS CORP plan to use HYPERDYNAMICS CORP existing cash to fund HYPERDYNAMICS CORP general corporate needs and HYPERDYNAMICS CORP expenditures associated with the Concession , including HYPERDYNAMICS CORP share of future capital expenditures that are not paid by Tullow Guinea Ltd ( Tullow ) on HYPERDYNAMICS CORP behalf .
The Griffin Industrial Realty , Inc. portion of the Griffin Industrial Realty Incentive Plan for 2016 was designed to reward Griffin Industrial Realty , Inc. employees , including Mr. Danziger , Griffin s Executive Chairman , Mr. Gamzon , Griffin s President and CEO and Mr. Galici , Griffin s Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Secretary , based on the results of Griffin s operations , consistent with Griffin s goal to award for performance through team results .
Net Loss SEARS HOMETOWN & OUTLET STORES , INC . recorded a net loss of $ 21.4 million for the first quarter of 2017 compared to a net loss of $ 3.6 million for the prior - year comparable quarter .
The spin - off of Lumos Networks was in the form of a tax - free stock distribution to NTELOS stockholders of record as of the close of business on October 24 , 2011 , the record date ( the Distribution ) .
The primary objective of the reverse stock split was to increase the per share price of Atlas ' ordinary shares to meet certain listing requirements of the NASDAQ Capital Market .
Additionally , Mr. Wu served as the chief operating officer for ATV , a free - to - air television broadcaster in Hong Kong , from 1998 to 1999 .
Mr. Kevin Yates has served as Chairman of NuSTATE ENERGY HOLDINGS , INC . s Board of Directors since April 2010 and as NuSTATE ENERGY HOLDINGS , INC . s Chief Executive Officer , Treasurer and Secretary since July 2010 .
As of March 31 , 2017 , Omega and OHI Holdco together owned approximately 96 % of the issued and outstanding units of partnership interest in Omega OP ( Omega OP Units ) , and investors owned approximately 4 % of the Omega OP Units .
Prior to joining NGFC Equities , Inc , Mr. Weeraratne served as the President on a part - time basis of four private investment companies , including Passerelle Corp. ( since February 2000 ) , Andwe One Limited Partnership ( since September 2006 ) , PAR Holding Partnership ( since June 2011 ) and Scanflo Partnership ( since April 2013 ) .
Under HIPAA and NantHealth , Inc. contractual agreements with NantHealth , Inc. HIPAA - covered entity health plan customers , NantHealth , Inc. are considered a business associate to those customers , and are required to maintain the privacy and security of PHI in accordance with HIPAA and the terms of NantHealth , Inc. business associate agreements with NantHealth , Inc. clients , including by implementing HIPAA - required administrative , technical and physical safeguards .
Pursuant to the migratory merger , among other things , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . shares of preferred stock converted into shares of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . common stock , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . effected a 1 - for-32 reverse stock split of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . common stock and POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . changed POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . state of incorporation from Nevada to Delaware .
Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 Operating Loss ; Net Loss Bnet Media Group , Inc. net loss decreased by $ 71,827 from $ 175,210 to $ 103,383 from 2015 compared to 2016 .
From 1992 to 2001 , Mr. Harkenrider held several positions at BAE Systems , Mission Solutions ( formerly GDE Systems , Marconi Integrated Systems and General Dynamics Corporation , Electronics Division ) , including Vice President and Program Director , Vice President Operations and Vice President Material .
Pursuant to the Share Purchase Agreement ( Tullow SPA ) between Tullow and us , Tullow agreed to pay all of HYPERDYNAMICS CORP participating interest share of expenditures associated with joint operations in the Concession up to a gross expenditure cap of $ 100 million incurred during the carry period that began on September 21 , 2013 .
The U.S. Debit and Credit segment includes CPI Card Group Inc. s operations in Colorado , Indiana and Tennessee , which are each certified by multiple global Payment Card Brands and , where required by CPI Card Group Inc. s customers , certified to be in compliance with the standards of the PCI Security Standards Council .
Certain NIKE entities , including those supporting NIKE INC North America , Greater China , Japan and European geographies , purchase product from the NTC , a wholly - owned sourcing hub that buys NIKE branded products from third - party factories , predominantly in U.S. Dollars .
Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. sole director s term of office expires on March 1 , 2016 .
Moody National REIT II , Inc. are the sole general partner of Moody National REIT II , Inc. operating partnership , and the initial limited partners of Moody National REIT II , Inc. operating partnership are Moody National REIT II , Inc. subsidiary , Moody OP Holdings II , LLC , or Moody Holdings II , and Moody National LPOP II , LLC , or Moody LPOP II , an affiliate of Moody National REIT II , Inc. advisor .
Mr. Xinlong Liu- Director and COO , Ms. Aiyun Xu - Director and CFO , Mr. Shaochun Dong- Director , Mr. Dagen Cheng- Director , and Huang Lei
As a part of the negotiations for the SGO Joint Venture , Glenborough agreed to reduce certain property management and related charges payable by the SGO Joint Venture from levels that were in place for these assets when held by us ; the GPP SGO Incentive Fee was implemented in order to provide GPP and its affiliates with an opportunity to recoup those reductions should the SGO Joint Venture assets perform well financially .
The following table presents the high and low sales prices for Hatteras Financial Corp common stock as reported by the NYSE for the periods indicated .
Mr. Mladosich is a proven and successful manager in Mexico with experience in the following areas : general management , underground and open pit operations , process plant recovery and optimization , construction , exploration , logistics , permitting , environmental , and plant and pit design .
In addition , a substantial majority of the voting power of the shares of EchoStar and DISH Network is owned beneficially by Charles W. Ergen , Hughes Satellite Systems Corp Chairman , and by certain trusts established by Mr. Ergen for the benefit of his family .
Director Compensation The following table provides compensation information for ICAHN ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS L.P. directors in 2016 , except for Messrs. Icahn , Cho and Cozza .
SIMULATIONS PLUS INC research and development operations and administrative functions are primarily conducted at SIMULATIONS PLUS INC facilities in Lancaster , California , Buffalo , New York and Research Triangle Park , North Carolina .
The accounts of Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. and its wholly owned subsidiary Canna - Life and GreenLife Botanix are included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements .
SURGE COMPONENTS INC gross profit for the three months ended August 31 , 2017 increased by $ 111,383 to $ 2,249,763 , or 5.2 % , as compared to $ 2,138,380 for the three months ended August 31 , 2016 .
Robin L. Taylor Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
For the three months ended April 1 , 2017 , CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL INC revenue would have decreased by approximately $ 17.2 million and CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL INC operating income would have decreased by approximately $ 1.7 million , if the U.S. dollar exchange rate had strengthened by 10.0 % , with all other variables held constant .
He previously served as Vice President Corporate Services from September 2012 to January 2014 and from August 2008 to September 2012 , Mr. Emmons served as Vice President , Human Resources and Environmental , Health and Safety .
J. Ryan Ruhlman was elected to PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO s Board of Directors in July 2015 and as Vice President Marketing and Business Development in December 2015 , which expanded his role to include new acquisition and market opportunities .
Mats Backman Chief Financial Officer and Group VP , Finance .
The initial 232 - mile section of the Greencore Pipeline begins at the ConocoPhillips - operated Lost Cabin gas plant in Wyoming and terminates at Bell Creek Field in Montana .
As of December 31 , 2016 , Hartman vREIT XXI , Inc. s total equity investment in Hartman Village Pointe was $ 1,350,000 , representing an approximate 35.76 % membership interest .
LinnCo , LLC limited liability company agreement prohibits a shareholder who acquires 15 % or more of LinnCo , LLC shares or voting power with respect to 15 % or more of the outstanding LINN Energy units without the approval of LinnCo , LLC or LINN Energy s board of directors from engaging in a business combination with us or with LINN Energy for three years .
B. WHEREAS , KalVista Pharmaceuticals , Inc. and Executive wish to continue Executive s service in the role of Vice President , Finance , of KalVista Pharmaceuticals , Inc , during the transition period following the Merger ; and .
Mr. Grauer was elected to the board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner effective January 26 , 2016 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Cogentix Medical , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarterly period ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Brett Reynolds , Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Secretary of COGENTIX MEDICAL INC /DE/ , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Subsequent to year end , on October 16 , 2014 Enertopia Corp. entered into a termination and settlement agreement , dated effective October 14 , 2014 , with WOM and Mathew Chadwick ( the Settlement Agreement ) , pursuant to which the parties have entered into mutual releases , Mr. Chadwick has resigned from Enertopia Corp. board of directors and as an officer of Enertopia Corp. company , and WOM has returned for cancellation 15,127,287 of Enertopia Corp. common shares that had been issued to it .
In July 2015 , SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC received an additional $ 3.3 million in cash associated with the achievement of performance milestones from the sale of SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC ownership interests in partner company ThingWorx , Inc. in December 2013 .
Andrew Chapman joined MIRA in 2006 and currently acts as Head of Asset Management for Macquarie Infrastructure Partners I , II and III and asset director for utility companies Puget Energy ( Puget ) and Aquarion Water Company ( Aquarion ) .
In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Ra Pharmaceuticals , Inc. ( the Company ) for the period ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , each of the undersigned , Douglas A. Treco , Ph . D , President and Chief Executive Officer of Ra Pharmaceuticals , Inc , and David C. Lubner , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Ra Pharmaceuticals , Inc , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ( section ) 1350 , as adopted pursuant to ( section ) 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of his or her knowledge : .
When considering which companies to include in SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC comparable industry peer companies , SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC mainly focused on U.S.-based publicly traded companies in the industry in which SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC operate and selected comparable industry peer companies and transactions on the basis of operational and economic similarity to SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC business at the time of the valuation .
LINN Energy has agreed to provide to LinnCo , or to pay on LinnCo s behalf , any financial , legal , accounting , tax advisory , financial advisory and engineering fees , and other administrative and out - of - pocket expenses incurred by LinnCo , along with any other expenses incurred in connection with any public offering of LinnCo shares or incurred as a result of being a publicly traded entity .
In Puerto Rico , SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM INC San Juan area radio stations , which are the most significant part of SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM INC business operations on the island , are operational and the remaining areas of SPANISH BROADCASTING SYSTEM INC local operations continue to improve every day .
The internal control process has been designed under MB Bancorp Inc supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of MB Bancorp Inc s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
As a result , HARLEY DAVIDSON INC s earnings can be affected by fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currency .
As of December 31 , 2015 , the carrying costs of this property and equipment under capital lease is $ 4.1 million and is included in Nonutility Property and Equipment in the consolidated balance sheets .
La Quinta Holdings Inc. also franchise and , until the acquisition of the Previously Managed Hotels upon completion of La Quinta Holdings Inc. IPO , managed hotels under the La Quinta brand , with franchised hotels currently operating in the United States ( U.S. ) , Canada , Mexico and Honduras .
Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc board of directors has also determined that Mr. Peacock , Dr. Hoffman and Mr. Madden , members of Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc audit committee , Dr. Halak , Dr. Hoffman and Dr. Langer , members of Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc compensation committee , and Dr. Freed , Dr. Kolchinsky and Mr. Madden , members of Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc nominating and corporate governance committee , satisfy the independence standards for those committees established by applicable SEC and NASDAQ rules .
In June 2015 , MARCUS CORP purchased the Safehouse in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , adding another restaurant brand to MARCUS CORP portfolio .
In this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q , STORE CAPITAL Corp refer to STORE Capital Corporation , a Maryland corporation , as STORE CAPITAL Corp , us , STORE CAPITAL Corp or STORE CAPITAL Corp unless STORE CAPITAL Corp specifically state otherwise or the context indicates otherwise .
On May 1 , 2013 , the board of directors authorized the issuance of 1,500,000 common stock options to Gordon Myers , Ambient Water Corp s Director of Global Sales and Marketing .
THIS AMENDMENT NO . 1 TO THE SUPPLY AGREEMENT ( this Amendment ) is dated as of June 30 , 2016 , by and among Impax Laboratories , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( Buyer ) , Actavis Elizabeth LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Actavis Elizabeth ) , Actavis Group PTC Ehf , an Iceland einkahlutafelag ( Actavis PTC ) , Actavis Holdco US , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( Actavis Holdco ) , Actavis LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Actavis LLC ) , Actavis Mid Atlantic LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Actavis Mid Atlantic ) , Actavis Pharma , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( Actavis Pharma ) , Actavis South Atlantic LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Actavis South Atlantic ) , Andrx LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Andrx ) , Breath Ltd , a United Kingdom private limited company ( Breath ) , The Rugby Group , Inc , a New York corporation ( Rugby ) , and Watson Laboratories , Inc , a Nevada corporation ( Watson and , together with Actavis Elizabeth , Actavis PTC , Actavis Holdco , Actavis LLC , Actavis Mid Atlantic , Actavis Pharma , Actavis South Atlantic , Andrx , Breath and Rugby , each a Manufacture r and , collectively , the Manufacturers ) .
MULLAN AGRITECH , INC . net loss was $ 574,593 for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , compared with net loss of $ 248,976 for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 , representing a significant increase of $ 325,617 in net loss .
Name Age Position Years with Group 1 Years of Automotive Experience Earl J. Hesterberg President and Chief Executive Officer John C. Rickel Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Frank Grese Jr. Senior Vice President of Human Resources , Training , and Operations Support Darryl M. Burman Vice President and General Counsel Peter C. DeLongchamps Vice President , Financial Services and Manufacturer Relations .
David D. Nelson David D. Nelson Chief Executive Officer and President .
On April 1 , 2013 , Capricor entered into a sublease with Reprise Technologies , LLC , a limited liability company which is wholly owned by Dr. Frank Litvack , CAPRICOR THERAPEUTICS , INC . s Executive Chairman and member of its Board of Directors , for $ 2,500 per month .
Under the first of those agreements , Planet Fitness , Inc. generally is required to pay to the Continuing LLC Owners 85 % of the applicable tax savings , if any , in U.S. federal and state income tax that Planet Fitness , Inc. is deemed to realize as a result of certain tax attributes of their Holdings Units sold to the Company ( or exchanged in a taxable sale ) and that are created as a result of ( i ) the sales of their Holdings Units for shares of Class A common stock and ( ii ) tax benefits attributable to payments made under the tax receivable agreement ( including imputed interest ) .
Paul Strasen has served as NOODLES & Co Executive Vice President , Secretary and General Counsel since January 2008 .
At the same time , Accelerated Venture Partners , LLC agreed to tender 1,979,760 of its 5,000,000 shares of Demand Pooling , Inc. s common stock par value $ 0.0001 for cancellation .
Quanex Building Products CORP use data related to housing starts and window shipments in the United States and United Kingdom , as published by or derived from third - party sources , to evaluate the fenestration market in these countries .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Comstock Mining Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Corrado De Gasperis , President and Chief Executive Officer of Comstock Mining Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Rourke , Richard L. Mack and Mark J. Isaacson his / her true and lawful attorneys and agents , each with full power and authority ( acting alone and without the others ) to execute and deliver in the name and on behalf of the undersigned as such Director and/or Officer , the Annual Report of MOSAIC CO on Form 10 - K for the calendar year ended December 31 , 2015 ( the " Annual Report " ) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , and to execute and deliver any and all amendments to the Annual Report for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission ; and in connection with the foregoing , to do any and all acts and things and execute any and all instruments which such attorneys and agents may deem necessary or advisable to enable MOSAIC CO to comply with the securities laws of the United States and of any state or other political subdivision thereof .
The U.S. government agencies also review the adequacy of Vectrus , Inc. compliance with government standards for Vectrus , Inc. business systems , including Vectrus , Inc. accounting , earned value management , estimating , materials management and accounting , purchasing , and property management systems .
Hughes Satellite Systems Corp sales outside the U.S. accounted for approximately 17.4 % , 18.7 % and 20.5 % of Hughes Satellite Systems Corp revenue for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively .
The condensed parent company financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Rule 12 - 04 , Schedule I of Regulation S - X as the restricted net assets of Wonhe High - Tech International , Inc. s PRC subsidiaries exceed 25 % of the consolidated net assets of Wonhe High - Tech International , Inc. On April 21 , 2017 Wonhe High - Tech International , Inc. filed with the Nevada Secretary of State a Certificate of Designation designating a series of 100,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock .
As of the date of this Form 10 - K , AxoGen owned or was the exclusive licensee of six issued U.S. patents , four pending U.S. patent applications , three issued international patents and nine pending international patent applications with regard to its peripheral nerve products .
AEI Income Growth Fund 26 LLC ( " Company " ) , a Limited Liability Company , was formed on March 14 , 2005 to acquire and lease commercial properties to operating tenants .
Legal Proceedings As previously disclosed in prior reports filed with the SEC , NOODLES & Co is named as a defendant in an action filed in the Superior Court of Delaware in New Castle County ( the " Court " ) , entitled The State of Delaware , William French v. Card Compliant , LLC , et .
The most significant losses were incurred within the global interest rate sector primarily during the last week of June from long European fixed income futures positions as prices reversed lower following comments by Mario Draghi , President of the European Central Bank , expressing optimism on Eurozone inflation , which triggered a rebound in government bond yields .
Through December 31 , 2016 , White Mountains has invested approximately $ 30 million in the Enlightenment Capital Funds ( $ 14 million , net of distributions received ) .
On June 30 , 2016 , Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT , Inc. sold its joint venture interest in Fieldstone to its joint venture partner .
The aggregate amount of total assets and net sales of Powertrain in POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31 , 2015 was $ 41.3 million and $ 44.2 million , respectively .
For example , ENTEGRIS INC operations in Asia , and particularly South Korea , Taiwan and Japan , have been negatively impacted in the past as a result of regional economic instability .
Mr. Sullivan has been Senior Managing Director of the Sponsor since 2010 .
All the limited partnership interests in the the Partnership were in turn contributed to a Jersey Unit Trust , Royal Pavilion Limited Trust , which units are owned 1 % by COMPUTER SCIENCES CORP and 99 % by the Institution .
James Sklar , Executive Vice President , General Counsel , and Corporate Secretary .
MOSAIC CO incur liabilities for reclamation activities and Gypstack closures in MOSAIC CO Florida and Louisiana operations where , in order to obtain necessary permits , MOSAIC CO must either pass a test of financial strength or provide credit support , typically in the form of cash deposits , surety bonds or letters of credit .
Carlyle Group L.P. also formed four CLOs throughout 2012 , six CLOs throughout 2013 , eight CLOs throughout 2014 , and eight CLOs throughout 2015 and consolidated those CLOs beginning on their respective formation dates or closing dates .
FBR & Co. revenues from public equity and debt transactions were $ 15.9 million in 2014 .
When Granite Falls Energy , LLC use the terms " Heron Lake BioEnergy " , " Heron Lake " , or " HLBE " or similar words , unless the context otherwise requires , Granite Falls Energy , LLC are referring to Heron Lake BioEnergy , LLC and its subsidiary , HLBE Pipeline Company , LLC , through which HLBE holds a controlling interest in Agrinatural Gas , LLC .
Exhibit 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 Gary S. Olson , Chief Executive Officer and President of ESSA Bancorp , Inc , a Pennsylvania corporation ( the Company ) and Allan A. Muto , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ESSA Bancorp , Inc , each certify in his capacity as an officer of ESSA Bancorp , Inc. that he has reviewed the quarterly report on Form 10 - Q for the period ended December 31 , 2016 ( the Report ) and that to the best of his knowledge : .
The VaR models used are variance / covariance models adjusted for the change of positions with 95 % and 99.5 % confidence levels and a one - day holding period for the MTM activities .
MTGE Investment Corp. also incurred expense for MTGE Investment Corp. net periodic interest settlements related to MTGE Investment Corp. interest rate swaps of $ 2.7 million and $ 3.8 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively , which is included in realized loss on periodic settlements of interest rate swaps , net , on MTGE Investment Corp. consolidated statements of operations .
Mr. Shields is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Griffin Capital Securities , LLC , a FINRA - registered broker - dealer and the dealer - manager for the REITs and for us , and Chief Executive Officer of Griffin Capital Advisor , LLC , an SEC - registered investment adviser and adviser to GIREX .
Nutritional specialty products grew $ 12.4 million , or 15 % , primarily due to U.S. and E.U. volume growth of PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH CORP products for the dairy and poultry industries .
Prior to joining Inspiration Biopharmaceuticals , Ms. Tubridy served as the Executive Dir ector , Clinical Operations and Regulatory Affairs , Translational Medicine of Alexion Pharmaceuticals from January 2011 to November 2011 , when Taligen Therapeutics was acquired by Alexion Pharmaceuticals , and as Vice President of Clinical Operations and Reg ulatory Affairs of Taligen Therapeutics from April 2010 to January 2011 .
The U.S. LCR rule became fully phased - in on Jan. 1 , 2017 and requires BNY Mellon and each of Bank of New York Mellon Corp affected domestic bank subsidiaries to meet an LCR of at least 100 % .
Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. may terminate the administration agreement with Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. Administrator , on 60 days ' written notice without penalty .
Mr. Lapham is the son - in - law of Mr. Mulroney , who has been a member of the board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner since 2007 .
Neff Corp operates in the United States and had minimal international sales for each of the periods presented .
Since GCP Applied Technologies Inc. manufacture a substantial portion of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. packaging products in emerging regions using raw materials from suppliers in the U.S , Europe and other advanced economies , changes in the values of the currencies of these emerging regions versus the U.S. dollar and the euro may adversely affect GCP Applied Technologies Inc. raw material costs .
Pursuant to the terms of the amended omnibus agreement , PHILLIPS 66 PARTNERS LP pay a fixed operational and administrative support fee to Phillips 66 , which covers , among other things , the services provided to us by Messrs. Garland , Mitchell , Taylor and Oyolu .
The increase in gross profit during the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , compared to the same period in 2016 , was driven primarily by strong growth in ALERE INC . flu - related products and the increase in ALERE INC .
In August 2013 , LEMAITRE VASCULAR INC entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with InaVein , LLC ( InaVein ) to acquire substantially all the assets of InaVein for $ 2.5 million and potential acquisition - related contingent consideration totaling $ 1.4 million in 2014 and 2015 dependent on the sales performance of the acquired business and the timing of regulatory approval in China .
Selling and marketing expenses for NxStage Medical , Inc. Services segment decreased $ 0.2 million , or 9 % for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 versus the prior year comparable period , due to decreased expenses for personnel and other costs associated with NxStage Medical , Inc. market development activities to establish , develop and operate
Cash used in InspireMD , Inc. operating activities was $ 11.6 million for the twelve months ended December 31 , 2015 and $ 19.4 million for the same period in 2014 .
John F. Rasor has served as CatchMark Timber Trust , Inc. Chief Operating Officer and Secretary since CatchMark Timber Trust , Inc. transition to self - management on October 25 , 2013 and became a director on December 17 , 2013 .
COSTAR GROUP INC manages its business geographically in two operating segments , with the primary areas of measurement and decision - making being North America , which includes the U.S. and Canada , and International , which includes the U.K , Spain , Germany and France .
Athene Life Re Ltd. ( ALRe ) , a Bermuda exempted company to which AHL 's other insurance subsidiaries and third party ceding companies directly and indirectly reinsure a portion of their liabilities ; .
Adjustment In the event of any change in the number or kind of outstanding shares of SPRINT Corp Common Stock by reason of a recapitalization , merger , consolidation , spin - off , reorganization , separation , liquidation , stock split , stock dividend , extraordinary cash dividend , combination of shares or any other change in SPRINT Corp corporate structure or shares of SPRINT Corp. Common Stock , an appropriate adjustment will be made consistent with applicable provisions of the Code and applicable Treasury Department rulings and regulations in the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding Awards and any other adjustments as the Board deems appropriate .
This included $ 1,423,750 recorded for stock issued to Robert Weingarten , a director , $ 477,714 recorded for stock issued to Mark Goldstone , a director , $ 285,000 recorded for stock issued to Karen M. Favish , wife of CEO Michael Favish , $ 119,419 recorded for stock issued to Gordon Bethwaite , Vice President of Sales and Marketing , $ 171,000 recorded for stock issued to Vincent J. Roth , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary , and $ 8,557 recorded for stock issued to Marie Powell , mother of Karen M. Favish whose investment was purchased on Ms. Powell s behalf by Mrs. Favish .
The following highlights Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. results of operations and significant transactions for the year ended December 31 , 2015 : .
Tongji Group is the controlling shareholder of Tongji Hospital , holding 90 % equity of Tongji Hospital , Liyu Chen , Yunhui Yu 's wife , holds the remaining 10 % equity of Tongji Hospital ; Yunhui Yu is the controlling shareholder of Tongji Group , holding 90 % equity of Tongji Group , and Liyu Chen holds the remaining 10 % equity of Tongji Group .Yunhui
Pursuant to the Intellectual Property Agreement , AeroGrow International , Inc. agreed to sell all intellectual property associated with AeroGrow International , Inc. hydroponic products ( the " Hydroponic IP " ) , other than the AeroGrow and AeroGarden trademarks , free and clear of all encumbrances , to Scotts Miracle - Gro for $ 500,000 .
Ernest Mario , PhD. Chairman of the Board of Directors .
On February 19 , 2015 , David Phipps , the founder , principal owner and sole director of GTCL , was appointed President of Orbital Satcom Corp , Orbital Tracking Corp. s wholly owned subsidiary .
Similar to the environment in the United States , the current environment in jurisdictions outside the United States in which Blackstone Group L.P. operate , in particular Europe , has become subject to further regulation .
The Taxable Subsidiaries are consolidated with us for U.S. GAAP financial reporting purposes , and the portfolio investments held by the Taxable Subsidiaries are included in Main Street Capital CORP consolidated financial statements as portfolio investments and recorded at fair value .
Similar laws exist in a number of locations in which HUNTSMAN INTERNATIONAL LLC currently operate , or previously operated , manufacturing facilities , such as Australia , India , France , Hungary and Italy .
In 2013 , Street Capital , Heritage Global Inc. s former majority shareholder , announced that its Board of Directors had approved a plan to focus Street Capital s operations on its core business , mortgage lending , and therefore to dispose of its other operating segments , including its interest in HGI .
From March 2008 to April 2012 , Mr. Stockdale was the Vice President of Hardware Systems for Isilon Systems of Seattle , a leading supplier of Network Attached Storage Devices , now a subsidiary of EMC Corporation of Hopkinton , MA .
If the structure is not accepted by the applicable taxing authorities , if there are any changes in domestic and international tax laws that negatively impact the structure , including proposed and potential new legislation to reform U.S. taxation of international business activities , and recent guidance regarding base erosion and profit shifting ( BEPS ) provided by the Organisation for Economic Co - operation and Development , or if Palo Alto Networks Inc do not operate Palo Alto Networks Inc business consistent with the structure and applicable tax provisions , Palo Alto Networks Inc may fail to achieve the reduction in Palo Alto Networks Inc overall effective tax rate and the other financial and operational efficiencies that Palo Alto Networks Inc anticipate as a result of the structure and Palo Alto Networks Inc future financial condition and operating results may be negatively impacted .
Canadian Mines MOSAIC CO operate three Canadian potash facilities all located in the southern half of the Province of Saskatchewan , including MOSAIC CO solution mine at Belle Plaine , two interconnected mine shafts at MOSAIC CO
Our publicly filed reports are subject to review by the SEC , and any significant changes or amendments required as a result of any such review may result in material liability to us and may have a material adverse impact on the trading price of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp s common stock .
In October 2015 , AEP signed a Purchase and Sale Agreement to sell its commercial barge transportation subsidiary , AEPRO , to a nonaffiliated party .
( now former ) Chair , President and Chief Executive Officer Steven A. Sugarman and $ 381 thousand incurred by BANC OF CALIFORNIA , INC . s then-
On December 15 , 2016 , RE / MAX , LLC , a wholly owned subsidiary of RMCO , entered into a credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A , as administrative agent , and various lenders party thereto ( the 2016 Senior Secured Credit Facility ) , which amended and restated the 2013 Senior Secured Credit Facility .
On April 1 , 2017 , BAY BANKS OF VIRGINIA INC and Virginia BanCorp , a bank holding company conducting substantially all of its operations through its subsidiary Virginia Commonwealth Bank , completed a merger pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger , dated as of November 2 , 2016 , by and between BAY BANKS OF VIRGINIA INC and Virginia BanCorp .
Credit Agreement dated as of November 12 , 2010 among Sally Holdings LLC , Beauty Systems Group LLC , Sally Beauty Supply LLC , as domestic borrowers , Beauty Systems Group ( Canada ) , Inc , as Canadian borrower , SBH Finance B.V , as foreign borrower , the guarantors from time to time party hereto , Bank of America , N.A , as administrative agent and collateral agent , Bank of America , N.A. ( acting through its Canada branch ) , as Canadian agent , the other lenders party hereto , JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A , as documentation agent , Wells Fargo Capital Finance , LLC , as syndication agent , Bank of America Securities LLC , Wells Fargo Capital Finance , LLC , as joint lead arrangers and joint book managers , which is incorporated herein by reference from Exhibit 4.13 to Sally Beauty Holdings , Inc. 's Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q filed on February 3 .
In June 2014 , SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC acquired a 27.0 % interest in Syapse , Inc. for $ 5.8 million .
For more information regarding DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC SAGD Project see Present Activities - Peace River Oil Sands , Alberta Canada ( Sawn Lake Properties ) under Item 2 Properties of this Annual Report on Form 10 - K. Effective September 25 , 2014 , DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC entered into a Purchase and Sale agreement with Classic Energy Inc. ( Classic ) , pursuant to which DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC . acquired Classic s 20 % working interest in five sections on one Sawn Lake oil sands lease where DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC already own working interests .
Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. were formed on May 27 , 2014 and commenced operations on May 1 , 2015 .
Stephen L. Green Chairman of the Board of Directors of SL Green , the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership May 5 , 2017 Stephen L. Green .
Mark Mears has served as NOODLES & Co Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer since July 2015 .
Optex Systems Holdings Inc are headquartered in Richardson , TX and lease 93,967 combined square feet of facilities including Richardson , Texas and Dallas , Texas .
uniQure N.V. operates a defined contribution pension plan for all employees at its Amsterdam facility in the Netherlands , which is funded by uniQure N.V. through payments to an insurance company , with individual accounts for each participants ' assets .
Kenneth Galaznik has been a member of Bridgeline Digital , Inc. Board of Directors since 2006 .
Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. equity method investment in the wind projects had a significant impact on the changes in Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. operating results during the year ended December 31 , 2014 , when compared to the same period in 2013 .
Name Age Position Michael F. Adams 60 Director , President and Chief Executive Officer Khristine L. Carroll 44 Senior Vice President Commercial Operations William J. O ' Neill , Jr. 75 Director , Chairman of the Board Michael L. Barretti 72 Director Mark R. Tauscher 65 Director
InspireMD , Inc. may also terminate the distribution agreement if it reasonably believes that Penumbra , Inc , or any party acting on its behalf , has violated the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 .
On June 30 , 2017 , Fifth Street Holdings entered into an amended and restated credit agreement ( the Amended Credit Facility ) with the guarantors party thereto , the lenders party thereto , Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation , as administrative agent , and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC , as collateral agent ( the Credit Agreement ) .
In addition to his experience with the auction business , Mr. Dove was employed at Merrill Lynch for several years as a Senior Account Executive .
However , if within 24 months following a change in control , ( a ) Mr. Milinazzo terminates his employment for good reason , or ( b ) InspireMD , Inc. terminate his employment without cause , the lump sum severance payment to which he is entitled will be equal to 200 % of his base salary , and all stock options , restricted stock , stock appreciation rights or similar stock - based rights granted to him will vest in full and be immediately exercisable and any risk of forfeiture included in restricted or other stock grants previously made to him will immediately lapse .
Guidewire Software , Inc. experienced appreciation of the U.S. dollar during each of the periods presented .
Between January 1996 and June 2001 , Ms. Garnick served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for Glenborough Realty Trust , Inc , a real estate investment trust with a portfolio of primarily office properties .
As a result of the Assignment Of Rights And Assumption of Liabilities Agreement entered into by Fellazo Corp with the previous sole - director of Fellazo Corp , Ms. Galina Hripcenco where all rights and obligations in the Assets and Liabilities of Fellazo Corp is transferred to Ms. Hripcenco for a consideration that Ms. Hripcenco shall retire all shares of Fellazo Corp to the treasury of the Company ( Exhibit No . 99.1 ) ; .
Subsequently , Altria Group , Inc. purchased approximately 12 million ordinary shares of AB InBev , increasing Altria Group , Inc. s ownership to approximately 10.2 % at December 31 , 2016 .
In November 2015 , Immune Design Corp. entered into a separate agreement with IDRI to license a patent related to Immune Design Corp. GLAAS technology in the field of cancer .
As of November 30 , 2015 COSTO INC .
On May 10 , 2017 , Surna Inc. entered into a three - year equipment , demonstration and product testing agreement with Sterling , an entity controlled by Mr. Keen , which operates a Colorado - regulated cannabis cultivation facility ( see Note 6 - Subsequent Events - Sterling Pharms Equipment Agreement ) .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Gold Billion Group Holdings Limited ( the Company ) for the period ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Kok Seng Yeap , Director , President and Chief Executive Officer of GOLD BILLION GROUP HOLDINGS Ltd , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ,
Management uses customer satisfaction surveys to evaluate ALABAMA POWER CO 's results and generally targets the top quartile of these surveys in measuring performance , which ALABAMA POWER CO achieved during 2015 .
On May 13 , 2015 , Pozen and Horizon filed suit against DRL , Lupin , Actavis ( formerly known as Watson ) and Mylan in the District Court asserting infringement of the 636 and 996 patents .
In addition to PEABODY ENERGY CORP alternative fuel source competitors , PEABODY ENERGY CORP principal U.S. direct coal supply competitors ( listed alphabetically ) are other large coal producers , including Alliance Resource Partners , Alpha Natural Resources , Inc , Arch Coal , Inc , Cloud Peak Energy Inc , and Murray Energy Corporation , which collectively accounted for approximately 42 % of total U.S. coal production in 2015 according to the National Mining Association 's " 2015 Coal Producer Survey , " the most recent data publicly available as of March 20 , 2017 .
Licensing Agreements Immune Design Corp. have in - licensed intellectual property related to Immune Design Corp. discovery platform technologies , including the following : Exclusive License Agreement with Caltech In January 2009 , Immune Design Corp. entered into an exclusive license agreement with Caltech , pursuant to which Immune Design Corp. obtained a worldwide , exclusive license under certain patent rights directed to the production of DC - targeted therapeutic and prophylactic immunization strategies , with the right to sublicense .
Robert has 25 years of experience in business and executive management , with particular expertise and passion for start - ups .
Market for Registrant s Common Equity , Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities LinnCo , LLC s shares are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market ( NASDAQ ) under the symbol LNCO and began trading on October 12 , 2012 , after pricing of its initial public offering .
In 2002 , he was the Chief Executive Officer of Encad Inc , a wholly - owned Kodak subsidiary .
Taxus Cardium Pharmaceuticals Group Inc. currently rely on Christopher J. Reinhard , Taxus Cardium Pharmaceuticals Group Inc. Chairman of the Board , Chief Executive Officer , President and Treasurer , as Taxus Cardium Pharmaceuticals Group Inc. sole executive officer .
By : S. W. Connally , Jr. Chairman , President , and Chief Executive Officer .
At the time of ARCO s sale of NUMEC stock to B W PGG , B W PGG received an indemnity and hold harmless agreement from ARCO , which has been assigned to BWXT and its affiliates , with respect to claims and liabilities arising prior to or as a result of conduct or events predating the acquisition .
See KAMAN Corp s 2016 Form 10 - K for a discussion of KAMAN Corp s exposure to market risk .
, Covisint Corp Named Executive Officers were Samuel M. Inman , III , Covisint Corp Chief Executive Officer , Enrico Digirolamo , Covisint Corp Chief Financial Officer , and Steven R. Asam , Covisint Corp SVP of Delivery , Operations and Engineering .
Richard L. Mack Richard L. Mack Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer The Mosaic Company .
In addition , when acting in any capacity other than as one of LinnCo , LLC officers or directors , including when acting in their individual capacities or as officers or directors of LINN Energy or any affiliate of LINN Energy , LinnCo , LLC officers and directors will not be required to act in good faith and will have no obligation to take into account LinnCo , LLC interests or the interests of LinnCo , LLC shareholders .
On January 3 , 2017 , WIDEPOINT CORP entered into an amendment of an employment agreement with James T. McCubbin , WIDEPOINT CORP Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and Treasurer .
PACCAR Financial Corp. is not named in the EC s Statement of Objections .
Mark Gatto Mark Gatto Co - Chief Executive Officer and Co - President Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated .
VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC s effective income tax rate differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily because VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC s foreign earnings are taxed at rates that are , on average , lower than the U.S. federal rate , and because VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC s domestic earnings are subject to state income taxes .
In connection with the March 2014 Offering , on March 7 , 2014 , Cytosorbents Corp entered into a placement agency agreement with Brean Capital , LLC pursuant to which the placement agent agreed to act as Cytosorbents Corp s exclusive placement agent for the March 2014 Offering and sale of the Units .
MONOLITHIC POWER SYSTEMS INC incur foreign currency exchange gains or losses related to the timing of payments for transactions between the U.S. and MONOLITHIC POWER SYSTEMS INC foreign subsidiaries , which are reported in interest and other income in the statements of operations .
If Akoustis Technologies , Inc. file foreign patent applications related to Akoustis Technologies , Inc. pending U.S. patent applications or to Akoustis Technologies , Inc. issued patents in the United States , these applications may be contested and fail to result in issued patents outside of the United States or Akoustis Technologies , Inc. may be required to narrow Akoustis Technologies , Inc. claims .
Ms. Fox began her career as an attorney at Milbank , Tweed , Hadley McCloy .
The National Agency for Industrial Security and the Protection of the Environment for the Hydrocarbon Sector in Mexico ( ASEA ) has conducted a permit compliance inspection at a hazardous waste treatment facility acquired by one of STERICYCLE INC subsidiaries in Dos Bocas , Tabasco , Mexico .
Additionally , Faneuil legal expenses increased approximately $ 1.3 million during Fiscal 2017 compared to Fiscal 2016 as a result of the CMO Business acquisition , to support Faneuil s various ongoing legal actions , and to record estimated settlement reserves for legal actions that were resolved during Fiscal 2017 .
From February 1984 through May 1984 , Mr. Martin served as a Senior Analyst in the Financial Control Group of Shearson Lehman Brothers , Inc , a financial services firm .
Since GCP 's operations have historically been included in federal and state returns filed by Grace , the information reflected below for the United States relates to historical Grace returns .
If there is a change in U.S. federal tax policy that reduces any of these available deductions or results in an increase in B&G Foods , Inc. corporate tax rate , B&G Foods , Inc. cash taxes payable may increase further , which could significantly reduce B&G Foods ,
Because a change in tax law is accounted for in the period of enactment , certain provisions of the Act benefiting POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s 2012 federal taxes , including R D credit , were not recognized in POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s financial results until 2013 .
With respect to VICOR CORP , SynQor s complaint in the Texas Action alleged that VICOR CORP s products , including but not limited to unregulated bus converters used in intermediate bus architecture power supply systems , infringe SynQor s U.S. patent numbers 7,072,190 , 7,272,021 , and 7,564,702 ( the 190 patent , the 021 patent and the 702 patent , respectively ) .
Stacy L. Fox joined DuPont in October 2014 as Senior Vice President and General Counsel .
RECENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENTS On May 29 , 2017 , MPAY Gateway Services Inc. was formed in connection with a Joint Venture Agreement with CPT Secure Inc. dated January 12 , 2017 , to develop payment processing technology and agreed to issue 500,000 Series B Preferred Shares to CPT in consideration for the license of CPT technology to the joint venture .
See note 6 to CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP condensed consolidated financial statements and also note 11 to CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP consolidated financial statements in CROWN CASTLE INTERNATIONAL CORP 2016 Form 10 - K. Net income ( loss ) attributable to CCIC stockholders was income of $ 231.3 million compared to income of $ 133.9 million during the first six months of 2016 .
Mr. Narayen currently serves as Adobe s President and Chief Executive Officer .
In February 2016 , after comparing base salary levels to the F.W. Cook Peer Group and the ECI Peer Group ( as described in more detail above under Compensation Discussion and Analysis Implementing Antero Midstream Partners LP Objectives Competitive Benchmarking ) and considering the individual and business factors described above , Messrs. Rady and Warren recommended , and the Compensation Committee approved , increases in the base salaries of Antero Midstream Partners LP Named Executive Officers .
From Macungie , the pipeline continues west through a connection with a pipeline owned by BUCKEYE PARTNERS , L.P. operating subsidiary , Laurel Pipe Line Company , L.P. ( Laurel ) , to Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ( serving Reading , Harrisburg , Altoona / Johnstown , Greensburg and Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania ) and north through eastern Pennsylvania into New York ( serving Scranton / Wilkes - Barre , Pennsylvania and Binghamton , Syracuse , Utica , Rochester and , via a connecting carrier , Buffalo , New York ) .
Mr. Winfield also serves as Chairman of the Board of Comstock Mining , Inc. ( NYSE MKT : LODE ) , a public company in which he was elected a Director on June 23 , 2011 .
Item 5 Other Information On November 3 , 2016 , CORVEL CORP granted performance options to ( i ) CORVEL CORP Chief Information Officer , Michael G. Combs , ( ii ) CORVEL CORP Vice President of Sales , Diane J. Blaha , and ( iii ) CORVEL CORP Chief Financial Officer , Richard J. Schweppe , to purchase 20,000 shares , 10,000 shares , and 3,000 shares , respectively , of CORVEL CORP common stock under and pursuant to the terms of the CorVel Restated Omnibus Incentive Plan ( Formerly the Restated 1988 Executive Stock Option Plan ) .
Atlantic Aviation entered into a copiers lease agreement with Macquarie Equipment Finance ( MEF ) an indirect subsidiary of Macquarie Group Limited .
U - Swirl subsidiary Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. have an additional international development agreement covering Canada .
Short - Term Debt Short - term debt consists of the revolving credit facility under the Mosaic Credit Facility , under which there were no borrowings as of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , and various other short - term borrowings related to MOSAIC CO international distribution activities .
Siemens Novation Agreement means that certain Novation Agreement , dated as of January 12 , 2015 , among RR Contractor , Siemens Contractor and BEC .
David L. Porges 1 , Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer ; .
On July 1 , 2016 , Sequential Brands Group , Inc. acquired a 49.9 % noncontrolling interest in Gaiam Pty . Ltd. in connection with its acquisition of Gaiam Brand Holdco , LLC , which is included in other assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets .
ELECTRONIC ARTS INC . results of operations for the fiscal year ending March 31 , 2017 contains 52 weeks and ends on April 1 , 2017 .
CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . franchise agreements with BKC do not give us exclusive rights to operate Burger King restaurants in any defined territory .
GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014 - GC24 examination was not designed to detect material noncompliance that may have occurred prior to the period covered by this report and that may have affected GS Mortgage Securities Trust 2014 - GC24 's activities with respect to the Platform during the period covered by this report .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT calculation of the provision for income taxes is subject to CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT interpretation of applicable business tax laws in the jurisdictions in which CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT file .
For the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , substantially all of Versartis , Inc. research and development expense related to Versartis , Inc. somavaratan drug development activity .
Securitizations by us or Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. subsidiaries could result in the creation of taxable mortgage pools for U.S. federal income tax purposes .
On March 28 , 2017 , TELKONET INC , and TELKONET INC s wholly - owned subsidiary , EthoStream LLC , a Wisconsin limited liability company ( EthoStream ) , entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement ( the Purchase Agreement ) with DCI - Design Communications LLC ( DCI ) , a Delaware limited liability company , whereby DCI would acquire all of the assets and certain liabilities of EthoStream for a base purchase price of $ 12,750,000 .
COPART INC first expanded COPART INC operations outside North America in fiscal 2008 with a significant acquisition in the U.K. followed by acquisitions in the U.A.E , Brazil , Germany , and Spain in fiscal 2013 , expansions into Bahrain and Oman in fiscal 2015 , and expansion into India in fiscal 2016 .
root9B Holdings , Inc. financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting policies generally accepted in the United States of America .
In December 2013 , LIGHTPATH TECHNOLOGIES INC . formed LightPath Optical Instrumentation ( Zhenjiang ) Co , Ltd ( LPOIZ ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary located in Zhenjiang , Jiangsu Province , People s Republic of China .
there has been a significant difference in SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC operating results when comparing even - numbered years performance to the odd numbered years performance .
Prior to starting Sterling HSA , Ms. Tellez served as President of the health plans division of Health Net , Inc , an insurance provider .
On January 31 , 2017 , under the terms of the Rockwell , wherein CareView Communications Inc have the option to purchase Rockwell s interest in the Project LLCs , CareView Communications Inc exercised that right by entering into a Settlement and LLC Interest Purchase Agreement with Rockwell ( the Settlement Agreement ) .
On February 16 , 2017 , Ashford Prime , Ashford Trust and Ashford Inc. entered into a settlement agreement with Sessa Capital ( Master ) , L.P , Sessa Capital GP , LLC , Sessa Capital IM , L.P , Sessa Capital IM GP , LLC and John Petry regarding the composition of Ashford Prime s board of directors , dismissal of pending litigation involving the parties and certain other matters .
In connection with the Change of Control , Mr. Joshua O Cock , President , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer , Secretary and sole director , resigned from all the director and officer positions with us , meaning that all former directors and officers , including Mr. Brendon Grunewald and Mr. Anton Lin , no longer held any of the director and officer positions .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Farmland Partners Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Paul A. Pittman , the Executive Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer of Farmland Partners Inc , and I , Luca Fabbri , the Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and Treasurer of Farmland Partners Inc , certify , to Farmland Partners Inc. knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
MKS INSTRUMENTS INC total cash and cash equivalents and short - term marketable investments at March 31 , 2017 , consisted of $ 152.0 million held in the United States and $ 259.2 million held by MKS INSTRUMENTS INC foreign subsidiaries , substantially all of which would be subject to tax in the United States if returned to the United States .
On February 6 , 2013 , pursuant to an Agreement between Mr. Keming Li , former CEO / President and Director of Golden Oasis New Energy Group Inc , a Nevada corporation ( the " Issuer " ) , Ms. Guoling Jin , former Treasury and Director of Golden Oasis New Energy Group Inc , and Ms. Madison Li ( the stockholder ) of Golden Oasis New Energy Group Inc , and Mr. Jian Li ( the " Purchaser " ) , Mr. Jian Li became the principal stockholder and Chief Executive Officer and Tzongshyan George Sheu the Vice - President , Secretary of First America Resources Corp and a Director on the Board of Directors of First America Resources Corp as well .
Effective August 31 , 2016 , Maximilian de Clara , CEL SCI CORP s then President and a director , resigned for health reasons .
Market for Registrant s Common Equity , Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities FelCor Lodging LP common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FCH .
Michael Paul Jarvie , President , CEO , and CFO .
Some of these factors may also make it less attractive to distribute cash generated by MOSAIC CO operations outside the United States to MOSAIC CO stockholders , or to utilize cash generated by MOSAIC CO operations in one country to fund MOSAIC CO operations or repayments of indebtedness in another country or to support other corporate purposes .
C. Britt Jeffcoat C. Britt Jeffcoat Vice President , Controller and Chief Accounting Officer .
Christopher Banks Corporation was incorporated in 1986 to acquire Braun s Fashions , Inc , which had operated as a family - owned business since 1956 .
COVENANT TRANSPORTATION GROUP INC revenue equipment rental expense was $ 10.6 million in 2016 , compared with $ 12.4 million in 2015 .
The following discussion and analysis of ECO ENERGY TECH ASIA , LTD financial condition and results of operations are based upon ECO ENERGY TECH ASIA , LTD consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
The lender under InspireMD , Inc. $ 10 million principal term loan has a security interest in substantially all of InspireMD , Inc. assets and those of InspireMD Ltd , InspireMD , Inc. wholly - owned subsidiary .
Optex Systems Holdings Inc total revenue increased by $ 1.1 million or 17.5 % during the six months ending April 2 , 2017 as compared to the six months ending March 27 , 2016 .
From December , 2010 to August , 2011 Mr. Vega was also employed by ConsultNet which is located in Salt Lake City , Utah .
Exhibit 10.4 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed December 8 , 2015 .
Mr. Musk also currently serves as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technical Officer of Space Exploration Technologies , a developer and manufacturer of space launch vehicles , and is involved in other emerging technology ventures .
At the end of the Transition Period , MARCUS CORP owned or operated 53 movie theatre locations with a total of 668 screens in Wisconsin , Illinois , Iowa , Minnesota , Nebraska , North Dakota and Ohio .
Brazil Minerals , Inc. gross loss in the first quarter of 2017 was $ 29,799 , as compared to Brazil Minerals , Inc. gross loss of $ 38,153 in the first quarter of 2016 , an improvement of 21.90 % .
To the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Western Lucrative Enterprise Inc. WESTERN LUCRATIVE ENTERPRISES , INC . have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Western Lucrative Enterprise Inc.(the Company ) as of December 31 , 2016 and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income , changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the years then ended .
The assets of Aerpio Pharmaceuticals , Inc. measured on a recurring basis as of June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 basis are summarized below : .
A number of factors may adversely impact KLA TENCOR CORP future effective tax rates , such as the jurisdictions in which KLA TENCOR CORP profits are determined to be earned and taxed ; changes in the tax rates imposed by those jurisdictions ; expiration of tax holidays in certain jurisdictions that are not renewed ; the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities ; changes in the valuation of KLA TENCOR CORP deferred tax assets and liabilities ; adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns ; increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes , including write - offs of acquired in - process research and development and impairment of goodwill in connection with acquisitions ; changes in available tax credits ; changes in stock - based compensation expense ; changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws ( for example , proposals for fundamental United States international tax reform ) ; changes in generally accepted accounting principles ; and the repatriation of earnings from outside the United States for which KLA TENCOR CORP have not previously provided for United States taxes .
Sanofi may terminate the agreement at any time upon six months ' written notice .
Mr. Schopp has also served as Chief Administrative Officer , Senior Regional Vice President , and Treasurer of Antero since January 2016 , as Chief Administrative Officer , Regional Vice President and Treasurer from September 2013 to January 2016 , as Vice President of Accounting and Administration and Treasurer from January 2005 to September 2013 , as Controller and Treasurer from 2003 to 2005 and as Vice President of Accounting and Administration and Treasurer of Antero s predecessor company , Antero Resources Corporation , from January 2005 until its ultimate sale to XTO Energy , Inc. in April 2005 .
The following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors and the estimated potential impact on CENTENE CORP operating results caused by changes in these factors based on December 31 , 2015 data : .
Qrons Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the State of Wyoming on August 22 , 2016 as BioLabMart Inc. and changed its name to Qrons Inc. on August 8 , 2017 .
Heritage Insurance Holdings , Inc. are headquartered in Clearwater , Florida and , through Heritage Insurance Holdings , Inc. subsidiaries , Heritage Property Casualty Insurance Company ( Heritage P C ) and Zephyr Insurance Company ( Zephyr ) , Heritage Insurance Holdings , Inc. write personal residential insurance for single - family homeowners and condominium owners , and rental property insurance in the states of Florida , Hawaii , North Carolina and South Carolina .
Kathryn M. JohnBull was named Chief Financial Officer on June 25 , 2012 .
Both 2017 per share measures reflect the benefit of a decrease in weighted - average common shares outstanding as a result of J M SMUCKER Co share repurchase activities during the .
Under the respective employment agreement between Biotech Products Services & Research , Inc. and each of Dr. Werber and Mr. Suddarth , in the event the agreement is terminated by the executive for Good Reason ( as defined in the agreement ) or by Biotech Products Services & Research , Inc. without Cause ( as defined in the agreement ) or due to Biotech Products Services & Research , Inc. not renewing the employment agreement , Biotech Products Services & Research , Inc. shall assign all Intellectual Property Rights to the Work Product to the executive ; provided , however , Biotech Products Services & Research , Inc. shall be entitled to have an exclusive , perpetual , irrevocable , worldwide , unlimited , royalty - based license to use , publish , reproduce , display , distribute copies of , and prepare derivative works based upon , such Work Product materials and derivative works thereof .
Beth E. Simonetti , Executive Vice President , Chief Human Resources Officer , joined TECH DATA CORP in September 2015 as Senior Vice President , Chief Human Resources Officer and was promoted to Executive Vice President in January 2017 .
The following active partner companies as of December 31 , 2015 were included in Healthcare : .
Patrick T. Egan , Feta Zabeli , and Steven Ross serve on the General Partner s Investment Committee and are the trading principals responsible for allocation decisions ( or supervising those responsible ) .
On February 6 , 2013 , pursuant to an Agreement between Mr. Keming Li , former CEO / President and Director of Golden Oasis New Energy Group Inc , a Nevada corporation ( the Issuer ) , Ms. Guoling Jin , former Treasury and Director of Golden Oasis New Energy Group Inc , and Ms. Madison Li ( the stockholder ) , of Golden Oasis New Energy Group Inc , and Mr. Jian Li ( the Purchaser ) , Mr. Jian Li became the principal stockholder and Chief Executive Officer and Tzongshyan George Sheu the former Vice President , Secretary , and Director of the Company .
Gregory S. Marcus President and Chief Executive Officer Douglas A. Neis Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Guidewire Software , Inc. for the quarterly period ended January 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Marcus S. Ryu , as Chief Executive Officer of Guidewire Software , Inc , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of his knowledge the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , and the information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of Guidewire Software , Inc.
Independent Bank Group , Inc. was organized as a bank holding company in 2002 .
Trustee of Physicians Realty Trust , the general partner of Physicians Realty L.P. February 24 , 2017 Albert C. Black , Jr. /s/ WILLIAM A. EBINGER , M.D. Trustee of Physicians Realty Trust , the general partner of Physicians Realty L.P. February 24 , 2017 William A. Ebinger , M.D. /s/ TOMMY G. THOMPSON .
Substantially all of Synchrony Financial operations are within the United States .
developments that adversely impact the ability to implement the strategic plan , including unanticipated issues with new environmental control equipment for various fossil - fueled EGUs of IPL and WPL , IPL s construction of Marshalltown , WPL s proposed Riverside expansion , various replacements , modernization and expansion of IPL s and WPL s electric and gas distribution systems , Resources electricity output and selling price of such output from its Franklin County wind farm , and the potential decommissioning of certain EGUs of IPL and WPL ; .
Essent Group Ltd. primary operating subsidiary , Essent Guaranty , Inc , had negative unassigned surplus of approximately $ 43.1 million as of December 31 , 2015 and therefore would require prior approval by the Pennsylvania Insurance Commissioner in order to make any dividend payment or other distributions in 2016 .
In addition , Hughes Satellite Systems Corp parent , EchoStar holds all of Hughes Satellite Systems Corp issued and outstanding shares of common stock , which results in EchoStar having the power to elect all of Hughes Satellite Systems Corp directors and control shareholder decision on all matters .
Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , ( the Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code ( 18 U.S.C. 1350 ) , Jeffrey Lawson , Chief Executive Officer of Twilio Inc. ( the Company ) , and Lee Kirkpatrick , Chief Financial Officer of TWILIO INC , each hereby certifies that , to the best of his knowledge : .
Mr. David Blitz , the Treasurer and Secretary of CADUS CORP , was paid $ 25,000 in 2016 and in 2015 .
In the United States , the European Union and other potentially significant markets for UNITED THERAPEUTICS Corp products , government payers and/or third - party payers are increasingly attempting to limit or .
On July 31 , 2013 , PERFICIENT INC renewed and extended the term of PERFICIENT INC credit agreement with Silicon Valley Bank ( SVB ) , U.S. Bank National Association , Bank of America , N.A and Wells Fargo Bank , National Association .
Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. began leasing real property to renewable projects in May 2014 , when Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. acquired all of the outstanding member interests in American Wind Capital Company , LLC ( AWCC ) for approximately $ 107 million .
The undersigned , Kevin Donahue , President of C - III Asset Management LLC ( f / k / a Centerline Servicing LLC ) , the Special Servicer under that certain Pooling and Servicing Agreement dated as of December 1 , 2015 , relating to the Wells Fargo Commercial Mortgage Trust 2015 - P2 , Commercial Mortgage Pass - Through Certificates , Series 2015 - P2 ( the Pooling and Servicing Agreement ) , hereby certifies as follows : .
GENERAL Triton Emission Solutions Inc. were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on March 2 , 2000 , under the original name 411 Place.com Inc.
Prior to joining GTx , Dr. Johnston was Director , Medical Science Liaisons and Managed Markets at Actelion Pharmaceuticals specializing in pulmonary arterial hypertension .
In the CRL , the concerns raised by the FDA pertain to deficiencies in manufacturing process and controls identified during a pre - NDA approval inspection of OCULAR THERAPEUTIX , INC manufacturing facility performed by the FDA New England District Office , or the District Office , in February 2016 that were documented on FDA Form 483 .
INSTRUCTURE INC use the market closing price of INSTRUCTURE INC common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange for the fair value of RSUs granted .
Net cash used in operating activities was $ 20.7 million for the year ended December 31 , 2014 and consisted of Immune Design Corp. net loss of $ 34.2 million offset by non - cash charges of $ 0.2 million for depreciation and amortization , $ 1.3 million for stock - based compensation expense , and a $ 4.3 million non - cash loss for the revaluation of convertible preferred stock warrant liabilities .
The increase in Goodwill at the Warner Bros. segment for the year ended December 31 , 2016 was primarily related to several insignificant acquisitions made during 2016 , offset in part by the sale of its Flixster business .
Michael A. Reisner Michael A. Reisner Co - Chief Executive Officer and Co - President ( Co - Principal Executive Officer ) .
KinerjaPay Corp. pay transaction fees as follows : ( i ) 3.9 % + $ 0.30 when senders fund payment transactions using PayPal ; ( ii ) no fees when customers fund payment transactions by electronic transfer of funds from a bank accounts ; and ( iii ) fees of $ 0.25 to $ 0.50 per transaction if customers fund payment transactions by using a third party payment gateway .
Lindsay A. Rosenwald , M.D. Chairman of the Board of Directors , President and Chief Executive Officer .
Blackstone Group L.P. general partner s board of directors is elected in accordance with its limited liability company agreement , where Blackstone Group L.P. senior managing directors have agreed that Blackstone Group L.P. founder , Mr. Schwarzman will have the power to appoint and remove the directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner .
Other Information Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers ; Appointment of Certain Officers ; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers On January 17 , 2017 , the Compensation Committee of the board of directors of RBI ( the Compensation Committee ) approved an increase in the target bonus percentage of Daniel Schwartz , CEO , Joshua Kobza , CFO , Jose Cil , President , Burger King and Elias Diaz Sese , President , Tim Hortons , from 200 % , 180 % , 180 % and 180 % to 300 % , 200 % , 200 % and 200 % , respectively , for exemplary performance .
Other On January 14 , 2016 , CMS entered into a Systems Improvement Agreement ( SIA ) with St. Joseph Medical Center ( SJMC ) located in Houston , Texas .
Charles L. Rice , Jr. Charles L. Rice , Jr. Chairman of the Board , President , and Chief Executive Officer of Entergy New Orleans , Inc.
Recent legislative proposals to reform U.S. taxation of non - U.S. earnings could have a material adverse effect on JONES SODA CO financial results by subjecting a significant portion of JONES SODA CO non - U.S. earnings to incremental U.S. taxation and/or by delaying or permanently deferring certain deductions otherwise allowed in calculating JONES SODA CO U.S. tax liabilities .
( Tenet - Jove ) , a PRC company , in exchange for restricted shares of SHINECO , INC . s common stock , and the sole operating business of SHINECO , INC . became that of its subsidiary , Tenet - Jove .
Any U.S. Federal income and branch profits taxes levied upon earnings from Essent Group Ltd. Bermuda operations could materially adversely affect Essent Group Ltd. shareholders ' equity and earnings .
In 2009 , ALAMO GROUP INC acquired substantially all the assets of Bush Hog , LLC ( Bush Hog ) , a leading agricultural equipment manufacturer of rotary cutters , finishing mowers , zero turn radius mowers , front - end loaders , backhoes , landscape equipment and a variety of other implements .
Patent Licenses On December 31 , 2003 , LCT entered into an Option to License Intellectual Property agreement with Advanced Cell Technology , Inc , which changed its name to Ocata Therapeutics , Inc. ( Ocata ) for patent rights and paid Ocata $ 340,000 in option and license fees .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT has entered into a $ 15 million line of credit agreement with CoBank , ACB , that is currently scheduled to expire on July 1 , 2020 .
Board of Directors and Management Changes On March 30 , 2016 , Mr. Brian Wuebbels resigned from his position as President and Chief Executive Officer of TERRAFORM GLOBAL , INC . and resigned from his position as a director on the Board .
Mr. Ein was the Chairman of the Board , Chief Executive Officer , Treasurer and Secretary and Mr. Dryden was Chief Financial Officer and Director of Capitol II .
In consideration of the loan amount , ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. also issued to Anson a warrant ( the " Anson October Warrant " ) to purchase 340,000 shares of ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. 's common stock at an exercise price of $ 2.39 per share .
Much like USANA HEALTH SCIENCES INC operations in other markets , an Associate in China may build a sales organization and receive compensation for product sales .
Volumes The following table presents the volume of Dominion Energy s derivative activity at September 30 , 2017 .
Certification of John P. Zimmer , Chief Financial Officer of Core Molding Technologies , Inc , dated August 4 , 2017 , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 .
As of December 31 , 2015 , DISH Network held 6.3 % and 7.5 % of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of EchoStar and HSS capital stock , respectively .
Approximately $ 2,603 million , $ 2,543 million , and $ 1,908 million of income from continuing operations before income taxes for fiscal 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively , were from TYSON FOODS INC operations based in the United States .
the opening of Grand Hyatt Rio de Janeiro in 2016 ; the acquisitions of The Confidante Miami Beach and Royal Palms Resort and Spa in 2016 ; and the acquisition of Hyatt Hotels Corp partners ' interest in Andaz Maui at Wailea Resort and villas in 2016 .
As China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc conduct all of China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc operations in China , the inability to convert cash and short - term investments held in RMB to other currencies should not affect China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc liquidity .
In August 2015 , CPI Card Group Inc. completed the shut down and closure of CPI Card Group Inc. operations at CPI Card Group Inc. Petersfield facility .
The Spin - off On April 29 , 2016 , CHS completed the spin - off of 38 hospitals , including their affiliated outpatient facilities , and QHR to form Quorum Health Corporation ( the Spin - off ) through the distribution of 100 % of QHC common stock to CHS stockholders of record on April 22 , 2016 ( the Record Date ) .
In connection with the Closing , LSB issued a Warrant to purchase LSB INDUSTRIES INC common stock ( the Warrant Agreement ) to LSB Funding to purchase 4,103,746 shares of common stock .
Dr. Frank joined us in 1985 and has served since July 1999 as Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer of Interactive Brokers LLC .
On January 9 , 2015 , CBRE Services , Inc. ( CBRE Services ) , CBRE GROUP , INC . wholly - owned subsidiary , entered into an amended and restated credit agreement ( 2015 Credit Agreement ) with a syndicate of banks jointly led by Merrill Lynch , Pierce , Fenner Smith Incorporated , J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Credit Suisse AG ( CS ) .
Transco s natural gas transportation fee revenues increased $ 31 million primarily due expansion projects placed in - service in 2016 and 2017 , along with an increase in Transco s storage revenues reflecting the absence of a $ 15 million accrual for potential refunds associated with a ruling received in certain rate case litigation in 2016 , partially offset by lower volume - based transportation services revenues ; .
in accordance with applicable corporate law and replace such individuals with Hrant Isbeceryan as President , Chief Executive Officer and director , David Lewis Richardson as Chief Financial Officer , Secretary , Treasurer and director and Evan Michael Hershfield as director , and unless otherwise consented to in writing by Hrant Isbeceryan , cease all actions in connection with the Forward Stock Split , Merger and Acquisition to the extent such actions have not yet been consummated ; and retransfer the Shares back to the Selling Stockholders for the Purchase Price .
Mr. Enck joined Summit when it was a private firm and was a member of the management team that grew the business and conducted a successful IPO .
PLAINS ALL AMERICAN PIPELINE LP Canadian officers and personnel are employed by PLAINS ALL AMERICAN PIPELINE LP subsidiary , Plains Midstream Canada ULC ( PMC ) .
In December 2009 , Hughes Satellite Systems Corp entered into an initial ten - year transponder service agreement with DISH Network , pursuant to which DISH Network has received satellite services from us on the EchoStar XVI satellite since January 2013 .
Debt Revolving line of credit and term debt On June 28 , 2013 , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into a credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank , National Association ( the Wells Credit Agreement ) , which replaced its prior credit agreement with
Among other philanthropic endeavors , Mr. Rubenstein is the Chairman of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts , a Regent of the Smithsonian Institution , President of the Economic Club of Washington and on the Boards of Directors or Trustees of Duke University ( Chair ) , Johns Hopkins Medicine , University of Chicago , the Brookings Institution ( Co - Chair ) , the Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts , the Council on Foreign Relations ( Vice Chair ) and the Institute for Advanced Study .
Exhibit 10.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed October 19 , 2015 .
Intervention by Cloud Peak Energy and State of Wyoming On September 24 , 2014 and October 6 , 2014 , Antelope Coal and the State of Wyoming , respectively , moved to intervene in the WildEarth and PRBRC appeals as respondents to defend the BLM s lease modification decision .
Also , in connection therewith , Matthew Nordgren , Inspired Builders , Inc. s sole officer and Director , resigned from his positions and named Scott Silverman as sole director and to the positions of CEO , CFO , Chief Accounting Officer and Secretary .
On March 1 , 2017 , TWC acquired 100 % of the shares of Hotel Donauwelle Betriebsgesellschaft M.B.H , which owned a four - star business hotel located in Linz , Austria .
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of the end of the period covered by this report on Form 10 - K , FBR & Co. management carried out an evaluation , with the participation of FBR & Co. Chief Executive Officer , Richard J. Hendrix , and FBR & Co. Chief Financial Officer , Bradley J. Wright , of the effectiveness of FBR & Co. disclosure controls and procedures ( as defined under Rule 13a-15(e ) of the Exchange Act pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b ) of the Exchange Act .
Effective July 1 , 2015 , Carlyle Group L.P. results of operations for this segment reflects Carlyle Group L.P. approximate 83 % economic interest of Carlyle Commodity Management .
Ms. Goolsby also serves on the board of directors of Capstead Mortgage Corporation , a real estate investment trust , where she chairs the Compensation Committee and serves on the Executive Committee ; SACHEM Inc , a private chemical science company , where she serves on the Strategic Planning and HR / Compensation Committees ; and Vitamin Angels Alliance , Inc , where she currently serves as chair of the board of directors .
The undersigned , Chen Junyan , the Principal Executive Officer of Asia Properties , Inc. hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to their knowledge , the report on Form 10 - Q of Asia Properties , Inc , for the quarterly period ended September 30 , 2017 , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , and that the information contained in the report on Form 10 - Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Asia Properties , Inc. Date : November 20 , 2017 .
Pursuant to the requirements of Regulation S - K and to make clear to LATTICE SEMICONDUCTOR CORP investors the adjustments LATTICE SEMICONDUCTOR CORP make to U.S. GAAP measures , LATTICE SEMICONDUCTOR CORP have provided the following reconciliations of the non - GAAP measures to the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures .
I , William J. Fehrman , President and Chief Executive Officer of MidAmerican Energy Company , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , that to the best of my knowledge : .
Prior to Rensselaer , Dr. Nalamasu served in several leadership roles at Bell Laboratories .
As of December 31 , 2015 , ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN , LLC .
INC disputed these allegations on the basis that QUANTA SERVICES INC properly paid contributions to the new industry fund based on the terms of the collective bargaining agreement under which QUANTA SERVICES INC participated and asserted that QUANTA SERVICES INC terminated QUANTA SERVICES INC obligation to contribute to the Central States Plan by the end of 2012 .
This new agreement replaces INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN s prior license agreement with TLMH .
CYBEROPTICS CORP quarterly operating results have varied in the past and will likely continue to vary significantly from quarter to quarter , causing volatility in CYBEROPTICS CORP stock price .
The FDCA provides a five - year period of non - patent marketing exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to obtain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity .
Mr. Sorsby was also Senior Vice President from March 1991 to November 2000 and was elected as a Director of HOVNANIAN ENTERPRISES INC in 1997 .
Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock is very thinly traded and , thus , pricing of Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock on OTC Markets does not necessarily represent its fair market value .
Nature of Services and Duties : ( A ) MAYS J W INC hereby employs Lyke and Lyke accepts employment as a Vice President and Assistant Treasurer of MAYS J W INC . -42- . ( B ) Lyke shall devote his best efforts and substantially all of his business time to advance the interests of MAYS J W INC , subject to the control of the Board of Directors , and subject to and bound by all personnel and corporate policies and procedures applicable to employees of the Company .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT services and rentals segment provides services on a contract basis and also leases certain of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT properties to third parties .
As a result of these considerations , LinnCo , LLC shares may trade at a substantial discount to the trading price of LINN Energy units .
In collaboration with Zenoaq , a leading animal health company based in Japan , Nexvet Biopharma plc have used PETization to create fully canine mAbs that bind to the immuno - oncology target known as programmed cell death protein 1 ( PD-1 ) and have successfully completed preliminary pharmacokinetic , immunogenicity and safety studies for Nexvet Biopharma plc anti - PD-1 program .
INVENTURE FOODS , INC . frozen berry products are processed in INVENTURE FOODS , INC . Lynden , Washington , Bellingham , Washington , Jefferson , Georgia and two Salem , Oregon facilities .
Noncompliance with the cGMP regulations , the inability to complete the installation or validation of additional large - scale equipment , the inability to secure adequate space to conduct VICAL INC manufacturing activities or other problems with VICAL INC manufacturing process may limit or delay the development or commercialization of VICAL INC product candidates , and cause us to breach VICAL INC contract manufacturing service arrangements or VICAL INC obligations under VICAL INC agreements with collaborators , including VICAL INC obligations under VICAL INC supply and services agreement with Astellas .
AxoGen , Inc. s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
Anthony L. Wilson President and Chief Executive Officer of Mississippi Power
Seasonality . MAMMOTH ENERGY SERVICES , INC . provide completion and production services primarily in the Utica , Permian Basin , Eagle Ford , Marcellus , SCOOP , STACK , Granite Wash , Cana Woodford and Cleveland sand resource plays located in the continental U.S. MAMMOTH ENERGY SERVICES , INC . also provide remote accommodation services in the oil sands in Alberta , Canada .
On May 5 , 2017 , LiveXLive Tickets , Inc , ( LXL Tickets ) a wholly owned subsidiary of LOTON , CORP , entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement ( APA ) with Wantickets and certain other parties , whereby LOTON , CORP purchased certain operating assets of Wantickets for total consideration of 2,000,000 shares of common stock of LOTON , CORP valued at $ 3,340,000 ( $ 1.67 per share ) and the assumption of certain liabilities of Wantickets .
FS Investments is controlled by FS Energy & Power Fund 's chairman , president and chief executive officer , Michael C. Forman , and FS Energy & Power Fund 's vice - chairman , David J. Adelman .
AlpInvest , one of Carlyle Group L.P. subsidiaries , obtained authorization in 2015 and is licensed as an AIFM under the AIFMD by the Authority for Financial Markets in the Netherlands .
Employee - related costs increased $ 1.0 million as a result of recruiting and hiring additional employees to support INSTRUCTURE INC company growth .
Mr. Boyle also served as Vice President of Finance for Direct Energy , a large competitive retailer of energy and related services in North America , and as Chief Financial Officer of Accent Energy , a national retail energy marketer .
IQ Acquisition ( NY ) , Ltd , the major shareholder of ASTIKA HOLDINGS INC , has paid additional expenses on behalf of ASTIKA HOLDINGS INC . in the amount of $ 58,530 between July 1 , 2016 and June 5 , 2017 .
The following table illustrates Great Elm Capital Group , Inc. s option award activity as of and through September 30 , 2017 ( in thousands , except per share amounts ): .
Seagate Technology plc and its subsidiary Seagate HDD Cayman have entered into a Credit Agreement providing Seagate Technology plc with a $ 700 million senior secured revolving credit facility ( the Revolving Credit Facility ) .
Wilfred N. Cooper , Jr. is President , Chief Executive Officer , a Director , and a member of the Investment Committee , of WNC Associates , Inc.
Castle Brands Inc has also entered into a supply agreement with IDL , which provides for the production of single malt Irish whiskeys for Castle Brands Inc until the contract is terminated by either party in accordance with the terms of the agreement .
The arbitration shall be conducted by a panel of three ( 3 ) arbitrators , with one ( 1 ) arbitrator chosen by each of FG and Astellas and the third appointed by the other two ( 2 ) arbitrators .
GCP Applied Technologies Inc. 2014 effective tax rate of approximately 29 % was lower than the 35 % U.S. statutory rate primarily due to benefits recognized during the year including $ 12.3 million due to lower taxes in non - U.S. jurisdictions , $ 2.2 million due to the domestic production activities deduction and $ 1.9 million related to the release of reserves for uncertain tax positions , partially offset by $ 2.7 million for state and local income taxes and $ 2.5 million for non - deductible expenses .
Global Self Storage , Inc. believe that Global Self Storage , Inc. results were driven by , among other things , Global Self Storage , Inc. internet and digital marketing initiatives which helped Global Self Storage , Inc. same - store overall average occupancy maintain at or around 90 % as of March 31 , 2017 .
Laurence A. Madison , Director and Acting CFO , Secretary and Treasurer .
Paige S. Bass has served as Senior Vice President and General Counsel of SONIC CORP since October 2014 and served as Vice President and General Counsel of SONIC CORP from January 2007 until October 2014 .
CFBank provides financial services through its four full - service banking offices in Fairlawn , Calcutta , Wellsville and Worthington , Ohio , and through its loan production office in Woodmere , Ohio .
PTC THERAPEUTICS , INC . management s discussion and analysis of PTC THERAPEUTICS , INC . financial condition and results of operations is based on PTC THERAPEUTICS , INC . financial statements , which PTC THERAPEUTICS , INC . have prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States .
The following table presents selected consolidated financial data and performance from CAPITAL ONE FINANCIAL CORP results of operations for the third quarter and first nine months of 2017 and 2016 and selected comparative balance sheet data as of September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 .
After the forward stock split , Authentic merged with and into Mojo Data Solutions , Inc , a Puerto Rico corporation and a wholly - owned subsidiary of Authentic formed on August 21 , 2013 solely for the purpose of reincorporating Authentic in Puerto Rico under the new name Mojo Data Solutions , Inc.
Retailers of VAPIR ENTERPRISES INC . products include small - box smoke shops , vape stores , and online retailers throughout the United States and the world .
CPI Card Group Inc. Petersfield U.K. operation was shut down in August 2015 which primarily drove the remaining $ 4 .
Vincent Belliveau , has served as Cornerstone OnDemand Inc Executive Vice President and General Manager of Europe , Middle East and Africa , or EMEA , since November 2015 .
For the year ended December 31 , 2015 , LDI contributed $ 6,853,000 to CYBEROPTICS CORP revenue and $ 389,000 to CYBEROPTICS CORP net loss .
On December 18 , 2014 , Sevion Therapeutics , Inc. entered into a Collaboration Agreement with CNA Development , LLC , an affiliate of Janssen Pharmaceuticals , Inc , or Janssen , to discover antibodies using Sevion Therapeutics ,
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC currently pay the ATMP JV for ATMP services on a cost - plus basis .
As of September 30 , 2017 , ComEd held approximately $ 21 million in the form of cash and letters of credit as margin for both the annual and long - term REC obligations .
Consolidated Results of Operations Comparison of the three months ended December 31 , 2015 and The following table sets forth key components of China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc results of operations for the three months ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , in US dollars : .
Neff Corp could remain an " emerging growth company " through December 31 , 2019 or until the earliest of ( a ) the last day of the first fiscal year in which Neff Corp annual gross revenues exceed $ 1 billion , ( b ) the date that Neff Corp become a " large accelerated filer " as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act , which would occur if the market value of Neff Corp common stock that is held by non - affiliates exceeds $ 700 million as of the last business day of Neff Corp most recently completed second fiscal quarter and ( c ) the date on which Neff Corp have issued more than $ 1 billion in non - convertible debt securities during the preceding three - year period .
In September 2015 , STEIN MART INC settled an administrative proceeding instituted by the SEC in which the SEC ordered us to cease and desist from committing , or causing , any violations and any future violations of the periodic reporting , books and records , and internal control provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended .
In 2002 , LMHC contributed capital of $ 4.0 million to LHLLC , of which $ 1.0 million was evidenced by a note payable to Limbach Holdings , Inc. which was included in Members Equity .
Subject to maintaining Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. exception from registration under the 1940 Act , Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc.
On August 3 , 2017 , at the recommendation of QUALSTAR CORP s Compensation Committee , the Board of Directors approved a $ 100,000 bonus to Steven N. Bronson , CEO based on QUALSTAR CORP s performance .
In 2013 , ENTEGRIS INC s effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. statutory rate of 35 % primarily due to lower rates in various foreign jurisdictions compared to the U.S. statutory rate .
Effective May 5 , 2015 , Mr. Dove became Chief Operating Officer and President of Heritage Global Inc , as more fully described on Heritage Global Inc.
In accordance with customary practice in China , Cleantech Solutions International , Inc , do not carry any business interruption insurance or third party liability insurance for personal injury or environmental damage arising from accidents on Cleantech Solutions International , Inc , property or relating to Cleantech Solutions International , Inc. operations other than Cleantech Solutions International , Inc , automobiles .
In January 2014 , LSB INDUSTRIES INC settled claims with LSB INDUSTRIES INC insurance carriers related to property damage and business interruption at LSB INDUSTRIES INC Cherokee Facility .
LMI AEROSPACE INC operate manufacturing plants and other facilities ( including office , distribution , engineering and other service facilities ) primarily in the United States and Mexico .
OPEN TEXT CORP have set forth below for each Named Executive Officer the award amount actually paid for Fiscal 2017 , and the percentage of target award amount represented by the actual award paid broken out by performance measure as follows : Mark J. Barrenechea .
EMS FIND , INC . were incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 22 , 2013 under the name Lightcollar , Inc.
As a result of a debt - for - equity exchange transaction completed in March 2004 ( the 2004 Revlon Exchange Transactions ) , as of March 25 , 2004 , Revlon , Inc , Products Corporation and their U.S. subsidiaries were no longer included in the MacAndrews Forbes Group for U.S. federal income tax purposes .
BlackRock Solutions and advisory revenue in 2016 totaled $ 714 million compared with $ 646 million in 2015 .
Any future distribution of these non - U.S. earnings may subject SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC to both U.S. federal and state income taxes , as adjusted for non - U.S. tax credits , and withholding taxes payable to various non - U.S. countries .
During the fourth quarter of 2016 , using approximately $ 2.4 million of gross offering proceeds and $ 6.0 million of cash received from the redemption of Nexpoint Multifamily Capital Trust , Inc. preferred equity investment in B ell Midtown , Nexpoint Multifamily Capital Trust , Inc. reduced the principal balance of the Credit Facility to $ 11.0 million as of December 31 , 2016 .
Gain on sale of subsidiary SEI INVESTMENTS CO recorded a gain of $ 2.8 million during the three months ended March 31 , 2016 from the sale of SEI INVESTMENTS CO ownership interests in SEI AK .
For a discussion of revenues , operating profit or loss and total assets , please see Part II , Item 8 of this Form 10 - K. Geographic Information See Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II , Item 8 of this Form 10 - K. Corporate Information MODEL N , INC . were incorporated in Delaware on December 14 , 1999 .
From March 2014 , when Hunter C. Gary was appointed President and Chief Executive Officer of CADUS CORP , Mr. Blitz has continued to serve as CADUS CORP s Treasurer and Secretary at the rate of $ 25,000 per annum . Grants of Plan Based Awards .
On May 29 , 2015 , ALR TECHNOLOGIES INC . and Sidney Chan , the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ALR TECHNOLOGIES INC . agreed to amend the existing credit agreement to increase the borrowing limit on the line of credit provided to ALR TECHNOLOGIES INC . from $ 5,500,000 to $ 7,000,000 ( Note 4 ) .
Net costs related to professional services were unchanged despite an increase of $ 2.5 million in employee compensation costs related to higher headcount , and an increase of $ 0.5 million related to allocated facilities and other costs driven by Coupa Software Inc overall growth .
The pro rata portion of WL Ross Holding Corp. Trust Account distributed to WL Ross Holding Corp. public stockholders upon the redemption of WL Ross Holding Corp. public shares in the event WL Ross Holding Corp. do not complete WL Ross Holding Corp. Business Combination within 24 months from the completion of WL Ross Holding Corp. IPO ( June 11 , 2016 ) may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law .
Comparison of the Six Months ended June 30 , 2017 with the Six Months ended June 30 , 2016 HCI Group , Inc. results of operations for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 reflect income available to common stockholders of approximately $ 21,562,000 , or $ 2.07 earnings per diluted share , compared with approximately $ 13,080,000 , or $ 1.31 earnings per diluted share , for the six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
The allocation of assets , liabilities , rights , indemnifications and other obligations between DISH Network and EchoStar under the separation and ancillary agreements EchoStar entered into with DISH Network did not necessarily reflect what two unaffiliated parties might have agreed to .
Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarterly period ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , James G. Petcoff , Chief Executive Officer of Conifer Holdings , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
In addition , if Ligand obtains a majority of Viking Therapeutics , Inc. common stock , Ligand would be able to control a number of matters submitted to Viking Therapeutics , Inc. stockholders for approval , as well as Viking Therapeutics , Inc. management and affairs .
Hughes Satellite Systems Corp quarterly results of operations are summarized as follows : .
Prior to joining REVA , from 2008 , Ms. Groves served as Vice President and General Manager of AF Solutions , Cardiac Rhythm and Heart Failure division of Medtronic , a leading global medical technology company .
Exhibit 32 In connection with the Annual Report of CyberOptics Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof ( the Report ) , the undersigned , Subodh Kulkarni , Chief Executive Officer , and Jeffrey A. Bertelsen , Chief Financial Officer of CYBEROPTICS CORP , each certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of CYBEROPTICS CORP .
1,500,000 ordinary shares were offered by Atlas , and 2,625,000 ordinary shares were sold by KAI , a wholly - owned subsidiary of Kingsway Financial Services Inc , or other Kingsway subsidiaries ( collectively , " Kingsway " ) at a price of $ 5.85 per share , less underwriting discounts and expenses .
Carlyle Group L.P. consolidated financial statements have been prepared on substantially the same basis for all historical periods presented ; however , the consolidated funds are not the same entities in all periods shown due to changes in U.S. GAAP , changes in fund terms and the creation and termination of funds .
The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements of Bookedbyus Inc. have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission , and should be read in conjunction with Bookedbyus Inc. s audited financial statements for the year ended August 31 , 2016 , as filed with the SEC on Form 10 - K.
The per - share closing price for Hatteras Financial Corp common stock , as reported by the NYSE on February 16 , 2016 , was $ 12.48 .
HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA also maintain four international offices from which HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA operate HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA fleet of vessels in Mexico and Brazil , as set forth below .
Includes 7,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock and 5,923,807 shares of Series E Preferred Stock directly owned by C Media Limited of which Mr. Song is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
Greenpro Capital Corp. s subsidiaries lease certain office premises in the PRC under a non - cancellable operating lease that expire in December 2017 .
At the effective time of the Merger , all issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of DNS held by its sole shareholder , DNI , were canceled and converted into the right to receive shares of DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS INC common stock in an amount equal to 58 % of the issued and outstanding shares of DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS INC common stock immediately following the Merger .
In the future , as in the past , VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC quarterly operating results may vary significantly , resulting in a volatile stock price .
During 2015 , Essent Guaranty increased its contingency reserve by $ 135.8 million and Essent PA increased its contingency reserve by $ 10.6 million .
Also , SEARS HOLDINGS CORP determined that SEARS HOLDINGS CORP have the ability to exercise significant influence over Sears Canada as a result of SEARS HOLDINGS CORP ownership interest in Sears Canada and as a result of Mr. Lampert 's role as SEARS HOLDINGS CORP Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ESL .
The value of an RSU is equal to the increase in value of Grace common stock , so RSUs provide direct alignment between the interests of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. executive officers and shareholders .
On April 27 , 2016 , Sharon Kochan 's role as Executive Vice President and General Manager , International , was expanded to lead the BCH segment following the resignation of Marc Coucke as Executive Vice President and General Manager of the BCH segment .
Aralez s results of operations for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 include the results of Tribute , Zontivity and Toprol - XL and the AG ( See Note 2 ) .
Prior to this offering , Thomas Arnost , Executive Chairman , has a secured interest in the amount of $ 322,000 in the assets of Mobiquity Technologies , Inc. and its subsidiaries .
The undersigned , Chen Junyan , the Principal Executive Officer of Asia Properties , Inc. hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to their knowledge , the report on Form 10 - Q / A of Asia Properties , Inc , for the quarterly period ended September 30 , 2017 , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , and that the information contained in the report on Form 10 - Q / A fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Asia Properties , Inc. Date : December 29 , 2017 .
Mr. Perkins currently serves as President , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Yilaime and Yilaime 's related entity doing business in North Carolina .
NGL Revenues NGL revenues for the second quarter of 2017 totaled $ 63 million , a $ 4 million increase from the comparative 2016 quarter .
HERTZ CORP consider cash held by HERTZ CORP subsidiaries outside of the U.S , Canada and Puerto Rico to be permanently reinvested .
The Company has employment agreements with Harry Schoell , Chairman and CTO ( previously , CEO ) , at $ 150,000 per year and Frankie Fruge , President , at $ 120,000 per year ; ( collectively , the Executives ) .
On March 4 , 2015 Max Sound Corp filed a form 8 K with the SEC associated with Max Sound Corp entering into a Securities Exchange Agreement and Max Sound Corp filing with the Secretary of State Delaware a Certificate of Designations , Preferences and Rights whereby , among other things , Max Sound Corp for good and valuable consideration , agreed that in consideration of a large shareholder exchanging 120,000,000 shares of common stock back to Max Sound Corp , the shareholder would receive 5,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock of Max Sound Corp at a Stated Value of $ 0.96 per share and a Conversion Price of $ 0.04 per share .
Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish the value of patents in general , thereby impairing Editas Medicine , Inc. ability to protect Editas Medicine , Inc. products .
Jacqueline McGuire and Michael Donn , Sr , are the wife and brother - in - law of Mr. Dennis McGuire , ECOSPHERE TECHNOLOGIES INC Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer .
FTI CONSULTING INC financing activities for 2014 included the receipt of $ 13.1 million of refundable deposits related to one of FTI CONSULTING INC foreign entities and $ 4.8 million from the issuance of common stock under FTI CONSULTING INC equity compensation plans , offset by $ 6.0 million in repayments of notes to former shareholders of acquired entities and $ 4.4 million paid to settle repurchases of the FTI CONSULTING INC common stock that were made but not settled in the fourth quarter of 2013 .
In the event funds from foreign operations are needed to fund operations in the United States and if U.S. tax has not already been previously provided , ADOBE SYSTEMS INC would provide for and pay additional U.S. taxes in connection with repatriating these funds .
For the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 , approximately 16.1 % , 13.8 % and 11.0 % and 16.7 % , 13.1 % and 11.3 % of Care Capital Properties , Inc. total revenues excluding net gain on lease termination were derived from Care Capital Properties , Inc. lease and loan agreements with SCC , Signature HealthCARE , LLC ( together with its subsidiaries , Signature ) and Avamere , respectively .
OTHER POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS EASTMAN KODAK CO provided U.S. medical , dental , life insurance , and survivor income benefits to eligible retirees , long - term disability recipients and their spouses , dependents and survivors .
The TRA Amendment reduces , from 85 % to 50 % , the percentage that AgroFresh Solutions , Inc. is required to pay to Dow pursuant to the Tax Receivables Agreement of the annual tax savings , if any , in U.S. Federal , state and local income tax or franchise tax that AgroFresh Solutions , Inc. actually realizes as a result of the increase in tax basis of the AgroFresh assets resulting from a Section 338(h)(10 ) election that AgroFresh Solutions , Inc. and Dow made in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement .
Paul R. Flanders Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer .
Mr. Paddon is qualified to be a director and Chairman of the Board based upon over forty years of leadership experience with CALIFORNIA FIRST NATIONAL BANCORP and his extensive knowledge of its business , operations , customers , capabilities and resources .
SCORES HOLDING CO INC therefore filed another action in the US District Court in the Southern District of New York seeking to recover the unpaid royalties from Scores Detroit Inc , SCORES HOLDING CO INC which is believed to have operated Scores Detroit , and Majed Mike Dabish , its principal .
Mr. McGuire was employed within BNY Mellon Alternative Investment Services , serving as Product Manager for that unit s Single Manager Hedge Fund services .
In February 2015 , Mr. Gray was named President and Chief Executive Officer and his base salary was set at $ 750,000 .
On June 1 , 2015 , ON SEMICONDUCTOR CORP and its wholly - owned subsidiary , SCI LLC , entered into a second amendment of the Facility that provides for , among other things , modifications to the Facility to allow for the issuance by ON SEMICONDUCTOR CORP of its convertible senior notes , subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions , and to permit the Company to enter into certain hedging transactions relating to such notes or otherwise .
In order to avoid any confusion , as well as to document the FDA position on OVA1 and Overa , Jeffrey Shuren , M.D , J.D , Director for the Center for Devices and Radiological Health at the FDA , sent a letter to Vermillion , dated December 21 , 2016 .
Boone Bank was organized in 1992 by AMES NATIONAL CORP under a new state charter in connection with a purchase and assumption transaction whereby Boone Bank purchased certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of the former Boone State Bank Trust Company in exchange for a cash payment .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT regulated water companies ability to recover its increased expenses and/or investment in utility plant is dependent on the rates CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT charge CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT customers .
In connection with the 2009 initial public offering ( IPO ) , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . entered into the TRA with Rio Tinto , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . former parent , and recognized a liability for the undiscounted amounts that CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . estimated would be paid to Rio Tinto under this agreement .
CCI recorded the loan repayment as a bonus to Mr. Gray and grossed up the amount to cover the taxes .
Robert L. Moody , Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of NWLGI , owns 99.0 % of the total outstanding shares of National Western Life Group , Inc. 's Class B common stock and 33.7 % of the Class A common stock as of December 31 , 2016 .
Prior to this , Ms. Tierney was the Chief Executive Officer at Smith Hawken from 1993 to 1999 .
Foreign exchange loss for the three months ended December 31 , 2015 was ( $ 0.04 ) million as compared to a gain of $ 0.06 million for the comparable prior - year period due to the net effects of fluctuations of the U.S. dollar against the Euro and its impact on Castle Brands Inc Euro - denominated intercompany balances due to Castle Brands Inc foreign subsidiaries for inventory purchases .
Mr. Rupert has also been the President of GBA since May 2014 .
On June 5 , 2017 , the last reported sales price of ITERIS , INC . common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market was $ 6.11 .
Included in MOSAIC CO results for the seven months ended December 31 , 2013 are PhosChem net sales and costs for its other member of $ 70 million compared with $ 64 million for the seven months ended December 31 , 2012 .
Accordingly , IMMUNOMEDICS INC may have difficulty obtaining intellectual property protection in these markets , and any intellectual property protections which IMMUNOMEDICS INC do obtain may be less protective than in the U.S , which could have an adverse effect on IMMUNOMEDICS INC operations and financial prospects .
Through its wholly - owned subsidiary Heritage Global Partners UK Limited , Heritage Global Inc. opened three European - based offices , one each in the United Kingdom , Germany and Spain .
W. Todd Jensen has served as interim chief executive officer of American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III , Inc , American Realty Capital Healthcare III Advisors , LLC ( the Advisor ) and American Realty Capital Healthcare III Properties , LLC ( the Property Manager ) since March 2016 and as president of American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III , Inc , the Advisor and the Property Manager since December 2015 .
Mrs. Chancis founded the Joey New York Brand of products in 1993 .
50 % interest in the Decker Mine to an affiliate of Ambre Energy North America , Inc. ( Ambre Energy ) , now known as Lighthouse Resources Inc. CPE Inc. acquired approximately 51 % and the managing member interest in CPE Resources in exchange for a promissory note which was repaid with proceeds from the initial public offering of its common stock ( IPO ) on November 19 , 2009 .
By : Telair US LLC , as its sole member Each By : TransDigm Inc , as its sole member By : /s/ Terrance M. Paradie Name : Terrance M. Paradie Title : Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
VEEVA SYSTEMS INC do not maintain key - man insurance for Mr. Gassner or any other member of VEEVA SYSTEMS INC senior management team .
The lawsuit alleges that the directors breached their fiduciary duties by authorizing TERRAFORM GLOBAL , INC . s $ 231.0 million payment to SunEdison for the 425 MW India Projects .
OOO TOT Group Russia is the parent company of its wholly owned subsidiary OOO Digital Provider ( a company formed in Russia ) , PayOnline Systems , LLC ( a wholly - owned company formed in Russia ) , Innovative Payment Technologies , LLC ( a wholly - owned company formed in Russia ) and TOT Group Kazakhstan , a wholly owned subsidiary formed in Kazakhstan .
Louis G. Conforti Chief Executive Officer and Director of Washington Prime Group Inc , general partner of Washington Prime Group , L.P. Date : Oc
ERP OPERATING LTD PARTNERSHIP s corporate headquarters is located in Chicago , Illinois and ERP OPERATING LTD PARTNERSHIP also operates property management offices in each of its six core coastal markets .
This comprises Macquarie Infrastructure Corp s 50 % share of IMTT s net income offset by step - up depreciation and amortization charges in connection with the initial 50 % investment in IMTT in May 2006 .
On November 4 , 2015 , Cytosorbents Corp entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement ( the Sales Agreement ) with Cantor Fitzgerald and Co , as agent ( Cantor ) , pursuant to which Cytosorbents Corp may offer to sell , from time to time through Cantor , shares of Cytosorbents Corp s common stock , par value $ 0.001 per share ( the Common Stock ) , having an aggregate offering price of up to $ 25,000,000 ( the Shares )
As part of the merger , WYCC issued 17,185,217 shares of common stock to QSI shareholders , options to purchase 5,942,078 shares of common stock , and warrants to purchase 9,883,233 shares of common stock .
Ariel Re provides Argo Group with a number of strategic advantages , including enhanced scale in its London- and Bermuda - based platforms .
Other electric revenues increased $ 3.7 million , primarily due to a $ 3.3 million increase in Midcontinent Independent System Operator , Inc. ( MISO ) transmission tariff revenues related to increased investment in regional transmission lines .
In addition , the sanctions laws and regulations could be changed in ways that would require us to discontinue or limit SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC current activities involving Iran , Syria , Sudan or Cuba , or involving other countries , individuals or entities that are not currently designated as Sanctions Targets .
InspireMD , Inc. compete with many medical device companies in the United States and globally in connection with InspireMD , Inc. current products and products under development .
For example , Alteryx , Inc. agreed to issue shares of Alteryx , Inc. Class A common stock with an aggregate value of up to $ 2.3 million upon the achievement of certain milestones in connection with Alteryx , Inc. acquisition of Semanta , of which 12,492 shares of Class A common stock were issued in August 2017 upon partial satisfaction of certain milestones .
Line Up Advertisement , Inc. did not provide any current or deferred U.S. federal income tax provision or benefit for any of the periods presented because Line Up Advertisement , Inc. have experienced operating losses since inception .
Performance Evaluation Plan ALABAMA POWER CO s retail base rates are set under the PEP , a rate plan approved by the Mississippi PSC .
Alliant Energy s electric utility operations are located in the Midwest with IPL providing retail electric service in Iowa and WPL providing retail and wholesale electric service in Wisconsin .
Antero Midstream Partners LP partnership agreement provides that , with certain limited exceptions , the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the exclusive forum for any claims , suits , actions or proceedings ( 1 ) arising out of or relating in any way to Antero Midstream Partners LP partnership agreement ( including any claims , suits or actions to interpret , apply or enforce the provisions of Antero Midstream Partners LP partnership agreement or the duties , obligations or liabilities among limited partners or of limited partners to us , or the rights or powers of , or restrictions on , the limited partners or us ) , ( 2 ) brought in a derivative manner on Antero Midstream Partners LP behalf , ( 3 ) asserting a claim of breach of a duty owed by any director , officer or other employee of us or Antero Midstream Partners LP general partner , or owed by Antero Midstream Partners LP general partner , to us or the limited partners , ( 4 ) asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act ( the Delaware Act ) or ( 5 ) asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine .
On December 14 , 2016 , SOUTHWEST BANCORP INC entered into a Merger Agreement with Simmons First National Corporation ( Simmons ) , an Arkansas corporation , pursuant to which , and subject to its terms and conditions , Simmons will acquire all of SOUTHWEST BANCORP INC outstanding capital stock for $ 95.0 million in cash and 7,250,000 shares of Simmons s common stock , subject to potential adjustments .
Russell Fryer , who is a director of Western , is a director and a principal beneficial owner of Pinon Ridge through Baobab Asset Management LLC .
Corporate Officers The names and titles of JONES LANG LASALLE INC corporate executive officers , as of September 30 , 2017 , were as follows : Global Executive Board Christian Ulbrich Chief Executive Officer and President Christie B. Kelly Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Richard Bloxam Global Head of Capital Markets Anthony Couse Chief Executive Officer , Asia Pacific John Forrest Chief Executive Officer , Global Americas Corporate Solutions Guy Grainger Chief Executive Officer , Europe , Middle East and Africa Jeff A. Jacobson Chief Executive Officer , LaSalle Investment Management Patricia Maxson Chief Human Resources Officer Gregory P. O ' Brien Chief Executive Officer , Americas Additional Global Corporate Officers Louis F. Bowers James S. Jasionowski Controller Chief Tax Officer .
As a result of these pending acquisitions , Mr. Joshua Haupt ( recently referred to as the Steve Jobs of Cannabis Cultivation will also be joining Medicine Man Technologies , Inc. company as Medicine Man Technologies , Inc. new Chief Cultivation Officer upon successful completion of the acquisition .
Mr. Gray joined Blackstone in 1992 and is a Senior Managing Director and Global Head of Real Estate .
Coiled Tubing Services Revenues for KEY ENERGY SERVICES INC Coiled Tubing Services segment increased $ 1.5 million , or 20.3 % , to $ 9.2 million for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 , compared to $ 7.6 million for the three months ended June 30 , 2016 .
Non - Americas , which consists of DUN & BRADSTREET CORP / NW operations in the U.K , Greater China , India and DUN & BRADSTREET CORP / NW European and Asia Pacific Worldwide Network ( we divested DUN & BRADSTREET CORP / NW operations in Benelux in November 2016 and DUN & BRADSTREET CORP / NW Australian operations in June 2015 ) .
Other Information On April 27 , 2017 , the board of directors of Noble Midstream Partners LP general partner approved grants of time - based restricted unit awards ( Restricted Units ) to John F. Bookout , IV , Chief Financial Officer of Noble Midstream Partners LP general partner , and John C. Nicholson , Chief Operating Officer of Noble Midstream Partners LP general partner , pursuant to the Partnership s 2016 Long - Term Incentive Plan .
Maiden is a publicly - held Bermuda insurance holding company ( Nasdaq : MHLD ) formed by Michael Karfunkel , George Karfunkel and Barry Zyskind , principal stockholders , and , respectively , the former chairman of the board of directors , a director , and the current Chairman , Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company .
Risk factors that may affect the proposed Merger and/or WEST MARINE INC operating results in the future include the risk factors set forth in Item 1A of this report , the risk factors set forth in Item 1A of the 2016 Form 10 - K , and those risks which may be described from time to time in West Marine 's other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
In 2016 , STRAYER EDUCATION INC revenues increased 2 % to $ 441.1 million compared to 2015 , principally due to a 3 % increase in average enrollment offset by a 1 % decline in average revenue per student .
Subsequently , on June 24 , 2013 , TOT Group , through its newly formed subsidiary Aptito , LLC ( Aptito ) , acquired substantially all of the business assets of Aptito.com , Inc , a New York corporation , a new generation of smart , customer engaged , patent - pending payments platform , m - POS , mobile commerce application and self - ordering Apple iPad -based kiosk .
On September 2 , 2014 , Seagate Technology plc completed the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities of LSI Corporation s ( LSI ) Accelerated Solutions Division and Flash Components Division ( collectively , the Flash Business ) from Avago Technologies Limited for $ 450 million in cash .
Santok agreed to pay Max Sound Corp a royalty fee of $ 1.50 for each licensed product it integrates into its line of electronics .
Cytosorbents Corp currently operate a facility near Princeton , New Jersey with approximately 12,400 sq .
J.Jill , Inc. was formed on February 24 , 2017 , when J.Jill , Inc. converted from a Delaware limited liability company named Jill Intermediate LLC ( Intermediate ) into a Delaware corporation named J.Jill , Inc.
You should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information included herein as well as the information included in other reports and filings made with the SEC before investing in EMAGIN CORP common stock .
ALCO s subsidiaries , ALC and CAC , as members of HKCIB , must comply with the minimum requirements specified by the Insurance Authority under Section 70(2 ) of the Insurance Companies Ordinance of Hong Kong .
ENCISION INC discussion and analysis of ENCISION INC financial condition and results of operations are based upon ENCISION INC financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
The market price of Opexa common stock following the Merger may decline as a result of the Merger .
M. Rhem Wooten Jr , 56 , has been with the Predecessor as a managing director since October 2010 and serves as an executive vice president .
Certain changes to U.S. tax laws , specifically U.S. taxation on earnings from international business operations , the deductibility of certain costs , and the continuance of certain tax credits , if enacted , may materially impact Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co effective tax rate and the amount of taxes Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co pay .
On July 10 , 2012 , the board of directors authorized the issuance of 13,742,000 common stock options to Jeff Stockdale , Ambient Water Corp 's President and Chief Operating Officer , and 14,947,000 common stock options to Jeff Mitchell , at that time , Ambient Water Corp 's Chief Financial Officer and Secretary .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Park Hotels Resorts Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Thomas J. Baltimore , Jr , President and Chief Executive Officer of Park Hotels & Resorts Inc , in my capacity as an officer of Park Hotels & Resorts Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
In connection with the quarterly report of EnSync , Inc. ( the " Company " ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , I , Bradley L. Hansen , Principal Executive Officer of EnSync , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Under Section 13(r ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , enacted in 2012 , BHGE is required to disclose in its periodic reports if it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in business activities relating to Iran , even if those activities are conducted in accordance with authorizations subsequently issued by the U.S. Government .
On September 30 , 2014 , Sandor Capital Master Fund LP purchased 8 million shares of Orbital Tracking Corp. s common stock at a purchase price of $ 0.05 per share .
Michael T. Rehwinkel - Mr. Rehwinkel previously served as Executive Chairman of EVRAZ North America , a steel manufacturer , from July 2013 to December 2015 and as Chief Executive Officer and President from February 2010 to July .
Board of Directors Upon emergence from bankruptcy Bonanza Creek Energy , Inc. 's board of directors was made up of seven individuals , two of which were existing board members , Richard J. Carty and Jeffrey E. Wojahn , and five new board members consisting of Paul Keglevic , Brian Steck , Thomas B. Tyree , Jr , Jack E. Vaughn , and Scott D. Vogel were appointed .
IMMUNE PHARMACEUTICALS INC s net loss was $ 4.9 million and $ 8.7 million for three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 , and its accumulated deficit was $ 104.3 million .
From 2006 through 2009 , Mr. Shi served as the chief executive officer and a director of the board of ChinaGrowth North Acquisition Corporation , which acquired UIB Group Limited in January 2009 , the second largest insurance brokerage firm in China .
In February 2016 , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC completed the acquisition of the broadcast assets of WSBT ( CBS ) in South Bend - Elkhart , Indiana , owned by Schurz Communications , Inc , and sold the broadcast assets of WLUC ( NBC and FOX ) in Marquette , Michigan to Gray Television , Inc. Industry Trends .
Headquartered in Minneapolis , Minnesota , Zipnosis provides health systems with a white - labeled , fully integrated virtual care platform .
On November 12 , 2017 , SKINVISIBLE INC settled a July 26 , 2016 Note payable to an investor .
On March 22 , 2012 , TPG Specialty Lending , Inc. formed a wholly - owned subsidiary , TPG SL SPV , LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( TPG SL SPV ) .
Mojo Data Solutions , Inc. ( the Company or Mojo ) was founded in Nevada on July 8 , 2010 as Authentic Teas , Inc. ( Authentic ) .
Although the Chinese government continues to improve its efforts to enforce intellectual property protection , pirated film and media content continues to be prevalent in China , which may reduce YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . potential profits .
ALAMO GROUP INC s earnings are affected by fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar as compared to foreign currencies , predominantly in European countries , and Canada , to a lesser extent , Australia and Brazil , as a result of the sale of its products in international markets .
From the date of its incorporation until December 9 , 2005 , ALCO s only business activities were organizational activities directed at developing its business plan , raising its initial capital and registering under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 .
Our Compensation Committee consists of Stuart Davidson , Ernest Mario and Samuel Saks , with Mr. Davidson elected as Chairman of the Committee .
From 1989 to 2004 , Mr. Ziegler served in various financial and operational positions at Gulf Insurance Group , including as the Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer .
Within the last five years , Mr. McCranie also served on the board of directors of Actel Corporation ( a designer and provider of field programmable gate arrays and programmable system chips ) and as Chairman of the Board for Freescale Semiconductor Holdings I , Ltd. ( a semiconductor manufacturer ) .
In connection with NMM s investments in Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc , in October , 2015 and March 2016 , respectively , Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. issued to NMM a stock purchase warrant ( the Series A Warrant ) to purchase up to 1,111,111 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $ 9.00 per share , and a stock purchase warrant ( the Series B Warrant ) to purchase up to 555,555 shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of $ 10.00 per share .
As a RIC , OHA Investment Corp generally are not required to pay corporate - level U.S. federal income taxes on any ordinary income or capital gains that OHA Investment Corp distribute to OHA Investment Corp stockholders as distributions .
In August 2014 , TWO RIVERS WATER & FARMING Co announced that TWO RIVERS WATER & FARMING Co were reserving 10,000,000 of the GrowCo shares for distribution to holders of TWO RIVERS WATER & FARMING Co Common Stock as of four record dates ( January 1 , 2015 ; April 1 , 2015 ; July 1 , 2015 and October 1 , 2015 ) after a registration statement covering GrowCo common shares has been filed and declared effective , which has not yet occurred .
During the year ended December 31 , 2016 , Woodstock Pharmaceutical and Compounding generated approximately $ 2,247,000 of TherapeuticsMD , Inc. revenue ; Medical Center Pharmacy generated approximately $ 3,700,000 of TherapeuticsMD , Inc. revenue and Pharmacy Innovations PA generated approximately $ 2,040,000 of TherapeuticsMD , Inc. revenue .
The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of YOU On Demand Holdings , Inc , its wholly - owned subsidiaries , its VIEs in which YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . is the primary beneficiary , and the subsidiary of its consolidated VIE .
SunOpta Inc. recognized foreign exchange gains of $ 1.6 million and $ 2.0 million for the year ended January 2 , 2016 and January 3 , 2015 , respectively , mainly related to the positive impact of a strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro on open foreign exchange contracts within SunOpta Inc. international sourcing and supply operations .
Other subsidiaries include TIW Canada Ltd , located in Alberta , Canada ; Dril - Quip Oilfield Services ( Tianjin ) Co. Ltd , located in Tianjin , China with branches in Shenzhen and Beijing , China ; Dril - Quip Egypt for Petroleum Services S.A.E , located in Alexandria , Egypt ; Dril - Quip ( Ghana ) Ltd , located in Takoradi , Ghana ; TIW Hungary LLC , located in Szolnok , Hungary ; PT DQ Oilfield Services Indonesia , located in Jakarta , Indonesia ; TIW de Mexico S.A. de C.V , located in Villahermosa , Mexico ; Dril - Quip ( Nigeria ) Ltd , located in Port Harcourt , Nigeria ; Dril - Quip Qatar LLC , located in Doha , Qatar ; TIW ( UK ) Limited , located in Aberdeen , Scotland ; TIW de Venezuela S.A , located in Anaco , Venezuela and with a registered branch located in Shushufindi , Ecuador ; and TIW International , Inc , with a registered branch located in Singapore .
Extreme winter conditions in Canada , Russia or the North Sea may interrupt or curtail BAKER HUGHES INC operations , or BAKER HUGHES INC customers ' operations , in those areas and result in a loss of revenue .
In 2014 , SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO effective income tax rate was affected by a $ 25 million state tax benefit due to the release of Louisiana state valuation allowance against a deferred tax asset associated with Cameron LNG developments .
The decrease in FBR & Co. net results in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to an $ 80.9 million decrease in investment banking revenue in 2014 compared to 2013 as well as a $ 27.5 million tax benefit recognized in 2013 compared to a $ 0.3 million tax provision in 2014 .
Gross profit from INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN service revenues for the year ended December 31 , 2015 increased 8.4 % to $ 12,154,000 , compared to $ 11,212,000 for the year ended December 31 , 2014 .
OPEN TEXT CORP are subject to tax audits in all major taxing jurisdictions in which OPEN TEXT CORP operate and currently have tax audits open in Canada , the United States , France , Germany , India , Italy , Malaysia , and the United Kingdom .
On April 28 , 2016 , the Board of Directors of OPGEN INC made a stock option award to Evan Jones , OPGEN INC s Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Chairman of the Board .
In April 2014 , Hughes Satellite Systems Corp entered into a satellite services agreement , pursuant to which Eutelsat do Brasil will provide to us fixed broadband service using the Ka - band capacity into Brazil on the EUTELSAT 65 West A satellite for a 15 - year term .
Note N -Business Combinations On January 31 , 2014 , PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO acquired Helix Uniformed Limited ( Helix ) , located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
L. John Doerr , who is a member of GOOGLE INC . Board of Directors , is a managing director / member of the managing members of those funds and the general partner of the general partners of certain Kleiner Perkins Caufield Byers funds .
Before joining The Coca - Cola Company , Ms. Collins was a Principal / Senior Analyst at American Management Systems ( CapGemini ) .
Following completion of the Transaction , Altria Group , Inc. purchased 12,341,937 ordinary shares of AB InBev for a total cost of approximately $ 1.6 billion , thereby increasing Altria Group , Inc. s ownership of AB InBev to approximately 10.2 % .
From a segment perspective , Client Financing revenue of $ 310 million in the second quarter of 2017 declined 16.8 percent as compared to the prior year .
The estimates and assumptions that most significantly impact the presented amounts within these Consolidated Financial Statements are further described below : ( i ) Revenue Recognition ( a ) Product Sales : SPECTRUM PHARMACEUTICALS INC sell SPECTRUM PHARMACEUTICALS INC products to wholesalers / distributors ( i.e , SPECTRUM PHARMACEUTICALS INC customers ) , except for SPECTRUM PHARMACEUTICALS INC U.S. sales of ZEVALIN in which case the end - user ( i.e , clinic or hospital ) is SPECTRUM PHARMACEUTICALS INC customer .
Similar interconnection limits could slow Sunrun Inc. future installations in Hawaii or other markets , harming Sunrun Inc. growth rate and customer satisfaction scores .
None of Messrs. Lodzinski , Singleton , Joliat , Kramer , Swanson , Thielemann , Urban and Zorich has any family relationship with any director or other executive officer of EARTHSTONE ENERGY INC or any person nominated or chosen by EARTHSTONE ENERGY INC to become a director or executive officer .
New Accounting Standards to be Adopted OVERVIEW Preformed Line Products Company ( the Company , PLPC , PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO , us , or our ) was incorporated in Ohio in 1947 .
Stephen Brady Stephen Brady Executive Vice President , Strategy and Finance ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
On December 6 , 2016 , MYnd Analytics , Inc , entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Aspire Capital which provides that , upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein , Aspire Capital is committed to purchase up to an aggregate of $ 10.0 million of shares of MYnd Analytics , Inc. s common stock over the 30 - month term of the Purchase Agreement .
Loan Agreement with Centaurian Fund On February 28 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with Centaurian Fund , pursuant to which Centaurian provided Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company with an aggregate investment of $ 50,000 in consideration of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issuance of convertible promissory notes and common share purchase warrants .
Orbital Tracking Corp. sold the subsidiaries to Auracana for a purchase price of $ 1.00 , in part , as compensation for Mr. Kesner s prior services as an officer and director during the fiscal years ending December 31 , 2010 and 2011 .
Such planned strategic partnership , or partnerships , may provide a marketing and sales infrastructure for Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc products as well as financial and operational support for global clinical trials , post marketing studies , label expansions and other regulatory requirements concerning future clinical development in the United States .
KKR Financial Holdings LLC 's equity method investments are comprised primarily of the following issuers with the respective ownership percentages : ( i ) Maritime Credit Corporation Ltd , which KKR Financial Holdings LLC holds approximately 31 % through its ownership of KKR Nautilus Aggregator Limited , ( ii ) LCI Helicopters Limited , which KKR Financial Holdings LLC holds approximately 33 % common equity interest in and ( iii ) Mineral Acquisition Company , which KKR Financial Holdings LLC holds approximately 70 % through its ownership of KKR Royalty Aggregator LLC .
Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the symbol HASI .
As previously disclosed in READING INTERNATIONAL INC Form 10 - Q for the 1 st Quarter of 2017 , t he total closure of READING INTERNATIONAL INC Courtenay Central , Wellington , New Zealand location had a significant impact on the performance of both READING INTERNATIONAL INC Cinema and Real Estate divisions during the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 , resulting in reduction in READING INTERNATIONAL INC overall profitability by $ 1.1 million ( NZ$1.5 million ) and decline in basic EPS by $ 0.05 compared to the same period of 2016 .
business and structure , Mr. Cassano s extensive executive experience and his educational background led us to the conclusion that he should serve as a director of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
Mr. McCranie served on the board of directors of Cypress Semiconductor Corporation from October 2006 to May 2014 .
Prior to the acquisition of Sciele Pharma by Shionogi , Mr. Fourteau served as President and CEO of Sciele Pharma from 2003 until 2008 and served on the board of directors of Sciele from 2004 until 2008 .
As of December 31 , 2016 , ESH Hospitality , Inc. owned and operated 626 hotel properties in 44 U.S. states , consisting of approximately 68,900 rooms , and three hotels in Canada , consisting of 500 rooms .
Net cash used in operating activities of $ 25.6 million during the year ended December 31 , 2013 was primarily the result of CHIMERIX INC $ 36.4 million net loss , offset by the add - back of non - cash expenses of $ 6.6 million related to the revaluation of CHIMERIX INC warrant liability and $ 3.1 million for stock based compensation .
MedoveX was incorporated in Nevada on July 30 , 2013 as Spinez Corp. MedoveX is the parent company of Debride , which was incorporated under the laws of Florida on October 1 , 2012 .
On October 1 , 2015 , Resort Savers , Inc. s wholly - owned subsidiary , Xing Rui , by and through a newly formed PRC corporation subsidiary Huaxin , completed a purchase of sixty percent ( 60 % ) of the shares of Amuli , for 3,033,926 shares of Resort Savers , Inc. s common stock .
On April 13 , 2017 , KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT , Inc. entered into a purchase and sale agreement and escrow instructions for the sale of 50 Congress Street to purchasers unaffiliated with KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT , Inc. or the Advisor .
On March 21 , 2014 , Jeff Mitchell , Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Ambient Water Corp entered into a separation agreement whereby Mr. Mitchell resigned his executive officer positions .
On December 1 , 2015 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with JDF Capital Inc. dated December 1 , 2015 pursuant to which Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issued to JDF a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $ 18,000 , which amount includes the purchase price of $ 15,000 , 10 % pre - paid interest ( per annum , for 12 months ) of $ 1,500 , and $ 1,500 in respect of legal fees incurred by JDF .
Revlon , Inc. s Class A Common Stock to secure certain obligations of MacAndrews Forbes .
Exhibit 32.3 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Inland Real Estate Income Trust , Inc. ( the Company ) for the fiscal quarter ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , David Z. Lichterman , Vice President , Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer of Inland Real Estate Income Trust , Inc , certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of his knowledge : .
References to Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc , Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc , us and Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. company refer to Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc , a Maryland corporation , together with Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. consolidated subsidiaries , including Armada Hoffler , L.P , a Virginia limited partnership ( the Operating Partnership ) , of which Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. are the sole general partner .
Ominto , Inc. experienced negative net cash flows from Ominto , Inc. operating activities of approximately $ 2.4 million and $ 5.2 million for the three months ended December 31 , 2015 and the fiscal year ended September 30 , 2015 , respectively .
In connection with the execution of the contribution agreement , on January 20 , 2014 , ARC Group , Inc. and the incumbent members of Paradise on Wings entered into an amended and restated operating agreement of Paradise on Wings to reflect the terms of the contribution agreement .
ARK RESTAURANTS CORP currently operate in eight regions , New York City , Washington , D.C , Las Vegas , Nevada , Florida , Atlantic City , New Jersey , Ledyard , Connecticut , Gulf Shores , Alabama and Boston , Massachusetts .
Brian Pallas , Director and Chief Operating Officer since March 2017 and has been a board director since July 1 , 2016 .
These forward - looking statements involve risks , uncertainties and other factors , many of which are outside CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT control , which may cause CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT actual results , performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results , performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward - looking statements .
Age ( 1 ) John H. Sottile Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer , Director .
legacy IHS non - U.S. subsidiaries could be subject to U.S. federal income tax if IHS Markit Ltd. were to decide to repatriate any of that cash to the U.S. ; however , IHS Markit Ltd. intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the U.S. and IHS Markit Ltd. current plans do not indicate a need to repatriate them to fund IHS Markit Ltd. U.S. operations .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Security National Financial Corporation ( the " Company " ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , I , Garrett S. Sill , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of my knowledge : .
Rick Etskovitz joined us in June 2000 , when he was appointed as ASTEA INTERNATIONAL INC CFO and Treasurer .
Essent Group Ltd. discussion and analysis of Essent Group Ltd. financial condition and results of operation are based upon Essent Group Ltd. consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( " GAAP " ) .
Exhibit 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of VWR Corporation ( the Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Manuel Brocke - Benz , President and Chief Executive Officer of VWR Corp , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of my knowledge : ( 1 )
Prior to Kodak , Kruchten worked as a project engineer at Inland Steel and as a tool designer for General Motors Corp. Kruchten has a B.S. degree in Engineering from Michigan State University , an M.S. in Statistics and Quality Management from the Rochester Institute of Technology , and has attended the Executive Management Development program at Penn State Universit
On February 4 , 2016 , Glucose Health , Inc. 's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer , Murray Fleming , was appointed to the board of directors of Glucose Health , Inc.
As chief executive officer , Mr. Milinazzo s position on the board ensures a unity of vision between the broader goals of InspireMD , Inc. company and InspireMD , Inc. day - to - day operations .
If NIKE INC were to repatriate indefinitely reinvested foreign funds , NIKE INC would be required to accrue and pay additional U.S. taxes less applicable foreign tax credits .
Corporate Information INSTRUCTURE INC were incorporated in Delaware in September 2008 .
See MUFG Americas Holdings Corp are subject to a wide array of operational risks , including , but not limited to , cyber - security risks in Part I , Item 1A. Risk Factors in MUFG Americas Holdings Corp 2016 Form 10 - K. Operational risk is mitigated through a system of internal controls that are designed to keep these risks at appropriate levels .
Through December 31 , 2014 , substantially all of Essent Group Ltd. business activity had been conducted in the United States where Essent Group Ltd. are subject to corporate level Federal income taxes .
In July 2015 , Ominto , Inc. changed the name of Ominto , Inc. parent company from DubLi , Inc. to Ominto , Inc. and expect to launch a newly branded Ominto.com shopping site in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 .
The increase in interest and fees associated with Tallgrass Energy Partners , LP revolving credit facility is primarily due to increased borrowings to fund a portion of Tallgrass Energy Partners , LP 2016 acquisition of a 25 % membership interest in Rockies Express and Tallgrass Energy Partners , LP recent acquisitions of Terminals and NatGas effective January 1 , 2017 , a 24.99 % membership interest in Rockies Express effective March 31 , 2017 , and the Douglas Gathering System on June 5 , 2017 , as well as the higher incremental borrowing rate on the 2024 Notes , the proceeds of which were used to repay borrowings under Tallgrass Energy Partners , LP revolving credit facility .
Ashford Inc. recorded an unrealized gain on investments of $ 203,000 and $ 1.2 million for the 2017 period and 2016 period , respectively , related to investments in the AQUA U.S. Fund .
To effect this transaction , ZIOPHARM ONCOLOGY INC caused ZIO Acquisition Corp , ZIOPHARM ONCOLOGY INC wholly - owned subsidiary , to merge with and into ZIOPHARM , Inc , with ZIOPHARM , Inc. surviving as ZIOPHARM ONCOLOGY INC wholly owned subsidiary .
Subsequently , Russell Fryer , a current member of Western Uranium Corp s Board of Directors , was named Executive Chairman , in addition to his current role as a director .
During the first half of 2017 , WESTERN DIGITAL CORP settled certain debt facilities and entered into new debt facilities at lower rates .
On May 3 , 2016 , Ecoark Holdings , Inc. entered into a Share Exchange Agreement ( the Agreement ) by and among Ecoark Holdings , Inc , Pioneer Products , Sable , and the holder of all of Sable s membership interests , an entity controlled by a stockholder of Ecoark Holdings , Inc. Ecoark Holdings , Inc. issued 2,000 shares of the Company s common stock ( the Shares ) in exchange for all of Sable s membership interests .
Barry Rubenstein is a general partner of Woodland Partners and Woodland Venture Fund , and an officer and director of
On December 10 , 2014 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into a license agreement pursuant to which Orbital Tracking Corp. was granted through its wholly - owned subsidiary , Orbital Satcom , a fully paid and irrevocable non - exclusive license to use certain equipment owned by GTC or its affiliates consisting of appliques in connection with the Globalstar Contracts .
In addition , the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect IXYS CORP /DE/ products or intellectual property rights to the same extent as do U.S. laws .
CREE INC believe CREE INC products are well positioned to meet the market performance requirements ; however , there is significant pricing pressure from a number of competitors , including new companies based in China .
William W. Traynham William W. Traynham Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
On August 4 , 2017 , MetLife , Inc. completed the separation of Brighthouse Financial , Inc. and its subsidiaries ( Brighthouse ) through a distribution of 96,776,670 shares of the 119,773,106 shares of Brighthouse Financial , Inc. common stock outstanding , representing 80.8 % of those shares , to MetLife , Inc. common shareholders ( the Separation ) .
Richard K. Reece Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
( 2 ) the information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of SUNVALLEY SOLAR , INC . Zhijiang ( James ) Zhang Chief Executive Officer April 17 , 2017 .
These reductions were offset in part by the impact of the LDI acquisition , which accounted for $ 600,000 of additional expense in 2015 , because CYBEROPTICS CORP results include LDI for the entire year , as compared to only a partial year in 2014 .
The following table summarizes CENTENE CORP consolidated operating results by segment for the year ended December 31 , ( $ in millions ): .
However , certain of ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN , LLC direct and indirect wholly - owned subsidiaries are unlimited liability companies and are taxed as corporations under the laws of Canada .
The Stock Purchase Agreement contains representations and warranties by us , the Stockholders and IQ Acquisition ( NY ) Ltd. which are customary for transactions of this type such as , with respect to the Company : organization ; good standing and qualification to do business ; capitalization ; authorization and enforceability of the transaction and transaction documents ; title to Astika Holdings , Inc. common stock being assigned and transferred to IQ Acquisition ( NY ) Ltd. ; and compliance with laws , and with respect to IQ Acquisition ( NY ) Ltd. : organization ; good standing and qualification to do business ; capitalization ; authorization and enforceability of the transaction and transaction documents ; compliance with laws ; and investment representations .
Steven Chen Steven Chen Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer .
Leo Ehrlich Name : Leo Ehrlich Title : Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer and Chairman BUYER : ASPIRE CAPITAL FUND , LLC BY : ASPIRE CAPITAL PARTNERS , LLC BY : CHRISKO INVESTORS INC .
As of the date hereof , My Cloudz , Inc. have 3 non - employee officers who operate My Cloudz , Inc. company Darren Long , the founder of GridIron BioNutrients , and My Cloudz , Inc. s new Chief Executive Officer , Chairman of the board of directors , who spends approximately 25 hours per week on Company business ; Timothy Orr , My Cloudz , Inc. s new President and a director , who spends approximately 25 hours per week on Company business ; and Brian Martinho , My Cloudz , Inc. Treasurer and a director , who spends approximately 25 hours per week on Company business .
The insurance holding company laws and regulations of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania , the state in which Essent Group Ltd. insurance subsidiaries are domiciled , require that , before a person can acquire direct or indirect control of an insurer domiciled in the state , prior written approval must be obtained from the Pennsylvania Insurance Department .
Manufacturing POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . manufacture and assemble POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . products at POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . facilities in suburban Chicago , Illinois , Darien , Wisconsin and Madison Heights , Michigan .
The Valuation Committee also decreased the fair value of MVC CAPITAL , INC . s investments in : Custom Alloy second lien loan by approximately $ 1.5 million , RuMe series C preferred stock by approximately $ 203,000 and common stock by approximately $ 144,000 , Folio fn preferred stock by approximately $ 254,000 , MVC Automotive equity interest by approximately $ 506,000 , SGDA Europe equity interest by approximately $ 219,000 , Tekers common stock by $ 266,000 , Turf loan by approximately $ 138,000 , U.S. Gas preferred stock series I by $ 3.9 million , BAC common stock by approximately $ 92,000 , Biogenic warrant and loans by a total of approximately $ 136,000 , Advantage preferred stock by approximately $ 67,000 , MVC Environmental common stock by $ 38,000 , Agri - Carriers loan by approximately $ 133,000 , RX loan by approximately $ 179,000 and Legal Solutions loan by approximately $ 91,000 .
The undersigned , Christopher Sabec , Chief Executive Officer of Rightscorp , Inc.
Lip - Bu Tan . Lip - Bu Tan . President , Chief Executive Officer and Director .
Prior to joining the Manager , Mr. Medeiros was a member of the Investor Relations group at Moore Capital Management , L.P , a hedge fund manager , from August 2003 to July 2009 , where he managed relationships with a wide variety of institutional and private clients .
Messrs. Gross and Spohler , together with the other dedicated investment professionals available to Solar Capital Partners , evaluate , negotiate , structure , close and monitor Solar Capital Ltd. investments .
In June 2016 , the Compensation Committee ( the Committee ) extended , for a one - year period , Executive Employment Agreements ( Agreements ) with Jeffrey Parker , PARKERVISION INC Chief Executive Officer , Cynthia Poehlman , PARKERVISION INC Chief Financial Officer and David Sorrells , PARKERVISION INC Chief Technology Officer ( the Covered Executives ) .
SELECTA BIOSCIENCES INC net loss was $ 15.1 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and $ 36.2 million and $ 25.2 million for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively .
Limited Operating History , Risks Of A New Business Venture INFITECH VENTURES INC were incorporated on October 24 , 2000 and , prior to INFITECH
risks of litigation ; TE Connectivity Ltd. ability to operate within the limitations imposed by TE Connectivity Ltd. debt instruments ; the possible effects on us of various U.S. and non - U.S. legislative proposals and other initiatives that , if adopted , could materially increase TE Connectivity Ltd. worldwide corporate effective tax rate and negatively impact TE Connectivity Ltd.
On September 13 , 2011 , MPHASE TECHNOLOGIES INC issued a second Convertible Note to John Fife founder and president of St. George Investments , in a Private Placement pursuant to Section 4(2 ) of the Securities Act of 1933 .
Other Transactions Gladstone Securities , LLC ( Gladstone Securities ) , a privately - held broker - dealer registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and insured by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation , which is 100 % indirectly owned and controlled by Mr. Gladstone , GLADSTONE INVESTMENT CORPORATION\DE chairman and chief executive officer , has provided other services , such as investment banking and due diligence .
Upon termination for cause by PEAK6 , SPARK NETWORKS INC shall pay PEAK6 any unpaid quarterly payments that are due on or before the termination date , all Management Fees that would ha ve been paid by SPARK NETWORKS INC to PEAK6 in the first three years of the agreement less amounts actually paid , and the Warrant shall vest immediately without regard to any vesting conditions .
William D. Gehl serves as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors .
Ambassador Swindells is qualified to serve on the Board as his several years of service as an ambassador of the United States , along with his business experience , have enabled him to bring to the Board a unique mix of political , legislative and international knowledge and experience .
Further , Mr. Meyer s experience as a director and chairman of the audit committee of KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT and KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT II and as a director and member of the audit , compensation , director s loan , nominating and governance and executive committees of Opus Bank , and his prior experience as a director and member of the audit committee of City National Bank and City National Corporation , as a director and member of the audit committee of William Lyon Homes , Inc. and as a director and chair of the audit committee of Paladin Realty Income Properties , Inc. provides him with an understanding of the requirements of serving on a public company board .
There is no established market for Products Corporation 's common stock , as all 5,260 outstanding shares of Products Corporation 's common stock were held by Revlon , Inc. as of December 31 , 2015 .
Thereafter , in February 2007 DIRECTVIEW HOLDINGS INC . formed DirectView Security and in July 2007 DIRECTVIEW HOLDINGS INC formed DirectView Video .
For example , the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , or HHS , has set a goal of tying 30 percent of Medicare fee - for - service payments to quality or value through alternative payment models by 2016 and 50 percent by 2018 .
Brian A. Miller Brian A. Miller , Executive Vice President General Counsel and Corporate Secretary .
If there are modifications to the Generalized System of Preferences or cancellation of the Nairobi Protocol tariff classifications that apply to NxStage Medical , Inc. products such that NxStage Medical , Inc. products would be subject to duties , or if the United States imposes tariffs or border - adjusted taxes on imports to the United States of goods manufactured outside the United States , NxStage Medical , Inc. expenses could increase and NxStage Medical , Inc. profitability may be negatively impacted .
Changes in the foreign exchange rate of the U.S. dollar and Pound Sterling impact the net operating expenses of pSivida Corp. U.K. operations .
Plata Resources , Inc. Chief Financial Officer , Chief Accounting Officer and Secretary Treasurer , Presentacion Coranes , assisted in identifying investors to participate in the private placement closed on October 31 , 2007 and also assisted in preparation of Plata Resources , Inc. effective registration statement and subsequent filings with the SEC .
On May 1 , 2014 , HGI and Street Capital entered into a management services agreement ( the Services Agreement ) under which Street Capital continued to provide management and other services to HGI until the Services Agreement was terminated effective August 31 , 2015 .
These non - cash gains and losses have materially impacted OMNICOMM SYSTEMS INC results of operations during the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and September 30 , 2016 and can be reasonably anticipated to materially affect OMNICOMM SYSTEMS INC net loss or net income in future periods .
As of September 30 , 2017 , ENSIGN GROUP , INC provided hospice care in Arizona , California , Colorado , Idaho , Iowa , Nevada , Oregon , Texas , Utah and Washington .
Ominto and its DubLi Network subsidiary currently serve customers in more than 100 countries .
MVP REIT , Inc. 's sponsor is MVP Capital Partners , LLC ( " MVPCP " or the " Sponsor " ) , an entity owned and managed by Michael V. Shustek , MVP REIT , Inc. 's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
Edward J. Fritsch Edward J. Fritsch President and Chief Executive Officer April 25 , 2017 .
The distributions to holders of GUC Trust Units during the year ended March 31 , 2017 resulted primarily from the release of distributable assets of the GUC Trust that were previously set aside in respect of potential Taxes on Distribution following the expiration of the 60 - day statutory notification period set forth in Section 505(b ) of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to the GUC Trust s U.S. federal income tax return for the year ended March 31 , 2016 described in Note 8 .
The 2016 Senior Term Loan is secured by substantially all of the assets of Forterra , the borrower and the Guarantors ; provided that the obligations under the 2016 Senior Term Loan are not secured by any liens on more than 65 % of the voting stock of the Canadian subsidiaries or assets of the Canadian subsidiaries .
Unless the context otherwise requires , references to ( 1 ) HFF Holdings refer solely to HFF Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company that was previously the holding company for HFF , Inc. consolidated subsidiaries , and not to any of its subsidiaries , ( 2 ) HFF LP refer to Holliday Fenoglio Fowler , L.P , a Texas limited partnership , ( 3 ) HFF Securities refer to HFF Securities L.P , a Delaware limited partnership and registered broker - dealer , ( 4 ) Holliday GP refer to Holliday GP Corp , a Delaware corporation and the general partner of HFF LP and HFF Securities , ( 5 )
Total Games revenue declined slightly for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 , compared with the year - earlier period due to a $ 0.5 million decrease in REALNETWORKS INC other games revenue offset by a $ 0.3 million increase in REALNETWORKS INC mobile games revenue .
TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC paid Larry Tarleton , the former chairman of the board of directors , an additional chairman s fee of $ 225 for each board meeting attended .
I , John R. Goll III , Vice President , Corporate Controller ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) of Insmed Incorporated , certify that : .
The discussion and analysis of Protagenic Therapeutics , Inc. ew financial condition and results of operations are based on Protagenic s financial statements , which Protagenic has prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles .
Also , certain of Bunge LTD U.S. dollar functional operating subsidiaries outside the United States are partially funded with local currency borrowings , while the currency risk is hedged with local currency denominated assets .
At December 31 , 2015 , Sempra Energy s U.S. subsidiaries had $ 4.9 billion of unused U.S. federal consolidated NOLs that will begin to expire in 2031 , $ 279 million of unused U.S. federal consolidated general business tax credits that will begin to expire in 2032 and $ 58 million of unused foreign tax credits that will begin to expire in 2024 .
As of September 30 , 2017 , if the borrowing rates under LIBOR were to increase 1 % above the current rates , ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP interest expense on : ( 1 ) ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP Term B Loan would increase $ 4.6 million on an annual basis as ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP Term B Loan provides for a minimum LIBOR floor ; and ( 2 ) ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP Revolver would increase by $ 0.6 million , assuming ENTERCOM COMMUNICATIONS CORP entire Revolver was outstanding as of September 30 , 2017 .
Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. did not sell any equity securities which were not registered under the Securities Act during the three months ended September 30 , 2015 that were not otherwise disclosed in this quarterly report on Form 10 - Q or in Lithium Exploration Group ,
Jason M. Ewasko is the Chief Compliance Officer of the Managing Owner and has served in this role since January 2016 .
On July 7 , 2015 , Banyan Rail Services Inc. issued an aggregate of 896,000 shares of common stock to Donald S. Denbo , Paul S. Dennis , Mark L. Friedman and Gary O. Marino as compensation for services as a director .
REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP operates in certain countries around the world , such as Argentina and Venezuela , which have experienced hyperinflation .
On August 5 , 2015 , Achaogen Inc entered into a loan and security agreement with Solar Capital Ltd , pursuant to which Solar Capital Ltd. agreed to make available to us term loans with an aggregate principal amount of up to $ 25.0 million , $ 15.0 million of which was provided to us on August 5 , 2015 and $ 10.0 million of which was provided to us on June 20 , 2016 .
EnSync , Inc. uses the United States dollar as its functional and reporting currency , while the Australian dollar and Hong Kong dollar are the functional currencies of its foreign subsidiaries .
Assets and liabilities of UTAH MEDICAL PRODUCTS INC 's foreign subsidiaries are translated into U.S. dollars at the applicable exchange rates at year - end .
In this case , LinnCo , LLC will be required to tender all of LinnCo , LLC outstanding LINN Energy units and distribute the cash LinnCo , LLC receive , net of income taxes payable by us , to LinnCo , LLC shareholders .
From 2012 to 2014 , Mr. Matarranz worked at Santander UK , where he was the Director of Strategy , the Chief of Staff to the Chief Executive Officer , and a member of the Executive Committee .
No . 2015 - 17 beginning on January 1 , 2016 and the adoption of the new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s results of operations , financial condition and financial statement disclosures .
John S. Levy Director of SL Green , the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership November 8 , 2017 John S. Levy .
In connection therewith , Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. was renamed Blackstone Holdings III L.P. and Blackstone Holdings V L.P. was renamed Blackstone Holdings IV L.P. On October 1 , 2015 , Blackstone formed a new holding partnership , Blackstone Holdings AI L.P , which will hold certain operating entities and operate in a manner similar to the existing Blackstone Holdings Partnerships .
Mr. Edens s extensive credit , private equity finance and management expertise , extensive experience as an officer and director of public companies and his deep familiarity with Fortress Investment Group LLC Company led Fortress Investment Group LLC Board of Directors to conclude that Mr. Edens should be elected to serve as a director .
During the quarter ended March 31 , 2015 , Macquarie Capital Markets Canada Ltd , an indirect subsidiary of Macquarie Group Limited , used Atlantic Aviation s charter jet business and incurred $ 18,000 for this service .
Prior to Credit Suisse , Mr. Schaney founded BlackRock Financial Management 's Leveraged Finance Group which was responsible for High Yield , Leveraged Loan and Mezzanine Investments .
On February 27 , 2017 , DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP , INC . borrowed an additional $ 263,158 and received a net amount of $ 217,500 representing the fourth draw against the Securities Purchase agreement with JMJ Financial .
The regulation of INVACARE CORP s products in Europe falls primarily within the European Economic Area , which consists of the 27 member states of the European Union , as well as Iceland , Liechtenstein and Norway .
CORE MOLDING TECHNOLOGIES INC currently operates five production facilities in Columbus , Ohio ; Batavia , Ohio ; Gaffney , South Carolina ; Winona , Minnesota ; and Matamoros , Mexico , which produce reinforced plastic products .
The details are as follows : Brian C White : Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer Mario Montana : Vice President and Corporate General Manager , Automotive and Industrial Group Sean Fan : Senior Vice President and Corporate General Manager , Computing and Communications Group Dave Shepard : Senior Vice President and Corporate General Manager , Mobility Products Group Anja Hamilton : Vice President and Chief People Officer Matthew D. Brandalise : Vice President , Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Note ( 2 )
Global Solutions revenues increased by $ 18.9 million , or 6.1 % , to $ 330.3 million in 2015 from $ 311.4 million in 2014 .
One of Hughes Satellite Systems Corp launch services providers is a Russian Federation state - owned company .
Mr. Liu is also a director of MyOEM Inc , a private corporation which he co - founded in 2000 .
Petrone Worldwide , Inc. ( the Company ) was incorporated as Sheridan Industries , Inc. on December 14 , 1998 in the State of Nevada .
Credit Agreement On June 2 , 2015 , GETTY REALTY CORP /MD/ entered into a $ 225.0 million senior unsecured credit agreement ( the Credit Agreement ) with a group of banks led by Bank of America , N.A. ( the Bank Syndicate ) .
Although Energie Holdings , Inc. operations are influenced by general economic conditions , Energie Holdings , Inc. do not believe that inflation had a material effect on Energie Holdings , Inc. results of operations during the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
Pursuant to the Agreement , China Teletech Holding Inc will purchase , in an aggregate , 51 % of all the outstanding capital of SJD in exchange for 20 million newly issued shares of China Teletech Holding Inc s common stock .
Orient Paper , Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 9 , 2005 , under the name Carlateral , Inc.
Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Entergy Corporation , Entergy Arkansas , Entergy Louisiana , Entergy Mississippi , Entergy New Orleans , Entergy Texas , and System Energy .
The executive officers biographies follow : Jeffrey J. Clarke Jeff Clarke is the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Kodak .
Offsetting these revenue increases were ( i ) revenue declines due to lower volumes ; ( ii ) divestitures in 2014 , primarily WASTE MANAGEMENT INC Puerto Rico operations , WASTE MANAGEMENT INC
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ( a ) Amounts shown reflect the acquisitions of Wabash Worldwide Holding Corp , Magnum Energy Incorporated , CoActive US Holdings , Inc. ( " DeltaTech Controls " ) , and August Cayman Company , Inc. ( " Schrader " ) in 2014 and certain assets and subsidiaries of Custom Sensors Technologies Ltd. ( " CST " ) in 2015 .
The difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 35 % and LATTICE SEMICONDUCTOR CORP effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 , as well as the difference between the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 35 % and LATTICE SEMICONDUCTOR CORP negative effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , results from valuation allowance increase that offsets the otherwise expected tax benefit from the pretax loss in the United States , zero tax rate in Bermuda which results in no tax benefit for the pretax loss in Bermuda , foreign rate differential , and discrete benefit from the release of uncertain tax positions .
Mr. Kaye received his Bachelor of Science in Accounting degree , graduating with Cum Laude distinction from Brooklyn College of the City University of New York .
American s principal financing activities in the 2016 period included proceeds of $ 4.5 billion from the issuance of debt , primarily including the issuance of $ 1.7 billion of EETCs , $ 1.0 billion provided under the 2016 Term Loan Facility , an $ 844 million issuance of special facility revenue refunding bonds related to JFK and an additional $ 1.0 billion borrowed in connection with the financing of certain aircraft .
Restricted Stock Units A summary of FTI CONSULTING INC Restricted Stock Units activity during the year ended December 31 , 2015 is presented below .
Thomas J. McInerney President and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
Total revenues decrease d $ 46 million , or 2 % , due primarily to decreases in HERTZ CORP U.S. RAC revenues of $ 65 million , partially offset by a $ 16 million increase in HERTZ CORP
Timothy D. Finer Mr. Finer has held the position of Senior Vice President , Director of Real Estate Lending since 2005 .
and it s wholly owned subsidiaries , Madison Bank of Maryland ( The Bank ) , 1920 Rock Spring Road , LLC formed in 1998 to own and hold real estate and Mutual , LLC formed in 2011 to hold other real estate owned .
Deborah L. Dyson joined ADP in 1988 .
The revenue requirement adjustment resulted in increases to electric revenues in Alliant Energy s and IPL s income statements and was recognized through the energy adjustment clause as a reduction of the credits on IPL s Iowa retail electric customers bills from the electric tax benefit rider as follows ( in millions ): .
Prior to Pennaco , Mr. Rady was with Barrett Resources from 1990 until 1998 where he initially was recruited as Chief Geologist in 1990 , then served as Exploration Manager , EVP Exploration , President , COO and Director and ultimately CEO .
All other terms of these awards granted to the NEOs , including the quantity awarded , vesting life and expiration date of awards are discretionary and must be approved by the ICP Option Committee , which includes FERRELLGAS PARTNERS FINANCE CORP Chief Executive Officer and Trenton D. Hampton .
In August 2015 , Net Element , Inc , as plaintiff , commenced an action in the Miami - Dade Circuit Court , Florida against Dan Hudson for defamation of Net Element , Inc. Company and CEO and tortious interference with Net Element , Inc. business relationships .
We have been granted an exclusive license to this technology from COATES INTERNATIONAL LTD \DE\ founder , George J. Coates and his son , Gregory G. Coates ( the Coates License Agreement ) , in the Territory defined to include North America , Central America and South America ( the Americas ) .
The Facilities Agreement has a three - year term , although FGI may terminate the facility at any time upon at least three months notice .
On the same day , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . also entered into a Content License Agreement with SSS ( the Content License Agreement ) under which SSS granted us a non - exclusive , royalty - free content distribution right for certain assets valued at approximately $ 29.1 million , in exchange for a promissory note ( the SSS Note ) that is convertible into 9,208,860 shares of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . common stock ( the IP Shares ) .
Mr. Borneo served as President of Macy s California from 1989 to 1992 and President of R.H. Macy s West from 1992 until his appointment as Vice Chairman and Director of Stores in February 1995 .
The immaterial errors further described in Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies resulted in an increase ( decrease ) to CPI Card Group Inc. previously reported Cost of Sales from products and an associated ( increase ) decrease to CPI Card Group Inc. previously reported Cost of Sales from services of $ 4,349 , $ ( 1,146 ) , and $ ( 508 ) for the quarter - to - date periods ended September 30 , June 30 , and March 31 , respectively , and $ 2,695 , $ ( 1,654 ) , and $ ( 508 ) for the year - to - date periods ended September 30 , June 30 , and March 31 , 2015 , respectively , and an increase ( decrease ) to CPI Card Group Inc. previously reported Cost of Sales from products and an associated ( increase ) decrease to CPI Card Group Inc. previously reported Cost of Sales from services of $ 1,124 , ( $ 806 ) , ( $ 1,400 ) for the quarter - to - date periods ended September 30 , June 30 , and March 31 , 2014 , respectively , and ( $ 1,082 ) , ( $ 2,206 ) , and ( $ 1,400 ) for the year - to - date periods ended September 30 , June 30 , and March 31 , 2014 , respectively .
In October 2015 , LinnCo , LLC entered into an amendment to the LINN Credit Facility to provide for , among other things : ( i ) a springing maturity based on the maturity of any outstanding LINN Energy junior lien debt ; ( ii ) the ability to incur up to $ 4.0 billion of junior lien debt to accommodate exchanges of LinnCo , LLC s outstanding unsecured senior notes and Berry senior notes or as additional indebtedness , but such additional indebtedness may not exceed $ 1.0 billion ; ( iii ) a minimum liquidity requirement equal to the greater of $ 500 million and 15 % of the then effective available borrowing base after giving effect to certain redemptions or repurchases of certain debt ; ( iv ) a decrease in the covenant requiring the maintenance of an EBITDA to Interest Expense ratio of 2.5 to 1.0 , such that the minimum required ratio is decreased to 2.0 to 1.0 from December 31 , 2015 through December 31 , 2016 , to 2.25 to 1.0 from March 31 , 2017 through June 30 , 2017 and returning to 2.5 to 1.0 thereafter ; ( v ) the ability to make necessary tax - related distributions or contributions to LinnCo , LLC ; ( vi ) an increase in the mortgage requirement on the total value of the oil and natural gas properties included on LinnCo , LLC most recent reserve report from 80 % to 90 % ; and ( vii ) an increase to the applicable margin charged on borrowings under the LINN Credit Facility by 0.25 % and an increase in the commitment fee under the LINN Credit Facility on the average daily unused amount of the maximum commitment amount of the lenders to 0.5 % per annum .
Pursuant to the PSA , on December 5 , 2016 , AMYRIS , INC . purchased the Glycotech Assets from Glycotech and Salisbury for an aggregate purchase price of $ 4.35 million , of which $ 3.5 million was paid in the form of a purchase money promissory note in favor of Salisbury , as described in more detail in Note 5 , Debt .
PNM provides integrated electricity services that include the generation , transmission , and distribution of electricity for retail electric customers in New Mexico .
On September 27 , 2013 , MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC . entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement ( the APA ) with Mobile Data Systems , Inc , a New York corporation ( MDS ) , pursuant to which MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC . agreed to purchase all of the intellectual property and substantially all of the tangible assets of MDS , constituting substantially all of the assets of MDS , in consideration for $ 190,000 cash and an unsecured promissory note for the principal amount of $ 80,000 ( the Promissory Note ) , bearing interest at a rate of 5 % per annum , maturing on the first anniversary date of the date of issuance and convertible by the holder thereof at any time and from time to time into restricted shares of common stock of MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC .
The consideration to BKC associated with the 2012 acquisition included an equity interest in Carrols Restaurant Group , which is now approximately 20.8 % .
Cytosorbents Corp commercial success will depend , in part , on Cytosorbents Corp ability to obtain and maintain patent protection in the United States and other countries with respect to Cytosorbents Corp products and product candidates .
For the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 Acushnet Holdings Corp. invested $ 48.8 million , $ 46.0 million and $ 44.2 million , respectively , in R D. Acushnet Holdings Corp. have separate dedicated R D teams for each product category .
Appointment of Tali Dinar as Chief Financial Officer .
In connection with the quarterly report of Infinite Group , Inc. ( the " Company " ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the " Report " ) , I , James Witzel , Chief Financial Officer of INFINITE GROUP INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to ss . 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Upon the closing of a financing pursuant to the terms of the Series D Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement by and between YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . and C Media , dated as of July 5 , 2013 , as amended as of November 4 , 2013 ( as discussed below ) in which C Media would invest funds in YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
Mr. McNeilly also has served as Senior Vice President of Reserves , Planning Midstream of Antero since January 2016 , prior to which he served as Vice President of Reserves , Planning Midstream of Antero beginning in October 2010 .
Immediately following the closing , Granite Falls Energy , LLC , through its 100 % ownership of Project Viking , owned 24,080,949 Class A units and 15,000,000 Class B units of HLBE , for a total of 39,080,949 units , or 63.3 % of the 61,697,104 outstanding units .
SIERRA MONITOR CORP /CA/ also hired a senior executive , Mike Nugent , formerly VP of North American sales for Emerson Rosemount Analytical products to drive new business development initiatives in safety .
Ms. Xu intends to devote 20 hours a week of her time to planning and organizing activities of Costo Inc.
This consists of $ 11.2 million held by AXT INC wholly owned subsidiary in China and $ 7.8 million held by AXT INC three partially - owned consolidated subsidiaries in China .
As a result of its membership , Graham Commodity Strategies LLC owns two NYMEX seats and 30,000 shares of the CME Group .
Further , on January 20 , 2017 , President Trump signed an Executive Order directing federal agencies with authorities and responsibilities under the ACA to waive , defer , grant exemptions from , or delay the implementation of any provision of the ACA that would impose a fiscal or regulatory burden on states , individuals , healthcare providers , health insurers , or manufacturers of pharmaceuticals or medical devices .
Separation from Altria Group , Inc. Philip Morris International Inc. were a wholly owned subsidiary of Altria Group , Inc. ( " Altria " ) until the distribution of all of Philip Morris International Inc. shares owned by Altria ( the Spin - off ) was made on March 28 , 2008 ( the " Distribution Date " ) .
On March 10 , 2016 , the Board accepted the amicable resignation of Lone Degn from DanDrit Biotech USA , Inc. as its Chief Financial Officer , effective March 10 , 2016 .
As of April 1 , 2016 , ITERIS , INC . performance measurement and information management solution , iPeMS , and related traffic analytics consulting services , previously included in Agriculture and Weather segment , were reassigned to the Transportation Systems segment to better align ITERIS , INC . traffic analytics capabilities , resources and initiatives .
In 2015 , SDG E s natural gas revenues decreased by $ 44 million ( 8 % ) to $ 500 million , and the cost of natural gas decreased by $ 55 million ( 26 % ) to $ 153 million .
Kodak is headquartered in Rochester , New York .
The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States , and include AMANASU TECHNO HOLDINGS CORP and its wholly - owned subsidiary .
DCT was formed as a Maryland corporation in April 2002 and has elected to be treated as a real estate investment trust , or REIT , for U.S. federal income tax purposes .
INSTRUCTURE INC may experience quarterly fluctuations in INSTRUCTURE INC operating results due to a number of factors , which makes INSTRUCTURE INC future results difficult to predict and could cause INSTRUCTURE INC operating results to fall below expectations .
Genpact LTD net revenues were $ 670.7 million in the second quarter of 2017 , up $ 40.2 million , or 6.4 % , from $ 630.5 million in the second quarter of 2016 .
HDFS , a Delaware corporation , is a wholly - owned subsidiary and the financing division of Harley - Davidson , Inc. HDCC and its affiliates provide retail financial services to consumers primarily in the United States and Canada and wholesale financial services primarily to Harley - Davidson motorcycle dealers in the United States and Canada .
Exhibit 32.1 The undersigned , Daniel Draper , Principal Executive Officer of Invesco PowerShares Capital Management LLC , the Managing Owner of PowerShares DB US Dollar Index Bullish Fund ( the Fund ) , a series of PowerShares DB US Dollar Index Trust , hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Net revenues from collaborators increased for the year ended December 31 , 2016 as compared to the year ended December 31 , 2015 due primarily to services performed by us in connection with ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . clinical development programs for which Sanofi Genzyme has opted - in , partially offset by the completion of ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . performance obligations under the Monsanto agreement in February 2015 and the completion of ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . revenue amortization under the Takeda agreement in May 2015 .
Under the terms of the proposed agreement , Fareva will take ownership of BCM , Walgreens Boots Alliance s contract manufacturing business , which operates factories in the United Kingdom , France and Germany .
I , Michael C. Rechin , President and Chief Executive Officer of First Merchants Corporation , certify that : .
NOTE 16(f ) Credit Risk - IPL and WPL provide regulated electricity and natural gas services to residential , commercial , industrial and wholesale customers in the Midwest region of the U.S.
Southern Company 's reported 2015 adjusted EPS result was $ 2.89 .
Most of Coach 's imported products are subject to duties , indirect taxes , quotas and non - tariff trade barriers that may limit the quantity of products that COACH INC may import into the U.S. and other countries or may impact the cost of such products .
SKYWEST INC have guaranteed the obligations of SkyWest Airlines under the SkyWest Airlines Delta Connection Agreement and the SkyWest Airlines United Express Agreement for the E175 aircraft .
In April 2017 , Michael Trepeta entered into a separation agreement with Mobiquity Technologies , Inc. pursuant to which he resigned as an executive officer and director .
GENERAL Makkanotti Group Corp. ( the Company ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 15 , 2014 .
Vice President , Quality and EH S Michael D. Sauer .
Martha Tod Dudman Martha Tod Dudman , Director /s/
Inc. ( the " Company " ) for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Form 10 - Q " ) , I , Andrew L. Asher , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of WELLCARE HEALTH PLANS , INC , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
On September 23 , 2011 , the defendants in the Delaware District Court complaint filed a motion to stay the Delaware District Court action pending the parallel proceedings in the USITC .
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 14 day of March , 1989 , by ROBERT M. IRVIN and TIMOTHY R. BARNES , President and Secretary of the Corporation , respectively , on behalf of the Corporation .
SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC have prepared SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP , which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements , as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the period .
If Guidewire Software , Inc. fail to achieve Guidewire Software , Inc. quarterly forecasts , if Guidewire Software , Inc. forecasts fall below the expectations of research analysts or investors , or if Guidewire Software , Inc. actual results fail to meet the expectations of research analysts or investors , Guidewire Software , Inc. stock price may decline .
Upon the transaction forming Atlas on December 31 , 2010 , a yearly limitation as required by U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ( as amended , " IRC " ) Section 382 that applies to changes in ownership on the future utilization of Atlas net operating loss carryforwards was calculated .
Mr. Rupert previously served as President of GCEAR from July 2012 through June 2015 .
As of December 31 , 2016 and 2015 Intrexon owned approximately 32 % and 33 % respectively , of ORAGENICS INC outstanding common stock .
Chairman of the Board and Director John G. Nikkel .
In addition , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . entered into an acceleration and release agreement with Rio Tinto whereby CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . agreed to pay $ 45.0 million to Rio Tinto to terminate the TRA .
Mr. Szot also serves as a member of the Board of Directors of S&W Seed Co wholly owned subsidiaries , S W Seed Australia Pty Ltd and Seed Genetics International Pty Ltd.
Outside of the United States , Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises , Inc. have revolving credit facilities in Turkey , China and India that are used to provide working capital to Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises , Inc. operations in each country .
From March 2008 to March 2010 , Mr. Ferrara served as Chief Financial Officer of EDGAR Online Inc , a provider of company data and public filings for equities , mutual funds and other publicly traded assets .
During fiscal 2016 and through the first nine months of fiscal 2017 , BIOANALYTICAL SYSTEMS INC had operated either in default of , or under forbearance arrangements with respect to , BIOANALYTICAL SYSTEMS INC credit agreements with Huntington Bank .
PAUL A. STRASEN Paul A. Strasen Executive Vice President and General Counsel .
IHS Markit Ltd. may terminate Mr. Uggla s employment by giving four weeks notice and an additional week of notice for each additional year of service up to 12 weeks notice or may provide payment in lieu of notice .
From February 2007 to August 2008 , he was the senior accounting manager of Accuity Financial , an accounting firm located in Las Vegas , Nevada specializing in publicly traded microcap companies , Mr. Peterson was the audit manager of DeJoya Griffith and Company a PCAOB registered audit firm located in Las Vegas , Nevada providing audit and accounting services primarily to publicly traded microcap companies from November 2004 to February 2007 , he was also the audit manager of Ocel , Heimer Associates , Ltd , a regional audit firm located in Minneapolis , Minnesota from 1999 to 2004 .
Executive Officers Who Are Not Directors Blake M. Edwards , Jr. ( 51 ) Mr. Edwards , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Parkway , previously served as the Chief Financial Officer of Grayson and Grayson National Bank since 1999 , and as Senior Executive Vice President since 2013 .
U.S. holders that are individuals , estates or trusts are subject to a Medicare tax of 3.8 % on net investment income ( or undistributed net investment income , in the case of estates and trusts ) for each taxable year , with such tax applying to the lesser of such income or the excess of such person s adjusted gross income ( with certain adjustments ) over a specified amount .
Mr. Sandesh Seth has been Actinium Pharmaceuticals , Inc. Director since March 2012 , Actinium Pharmaceuticals , Inc. Chairman of the Board since October 2013 , and Executive Chairman since August 2014 .
No . 2014 - 15 beginning January 1 , 2016 and the adoption of the new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s results of operations , financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures .
Mr. Enck has been listed as a principal of the managing owner since July 2007 and as an associated person and swap associated person of the managing owner since July 2014 .
However , as NUVASIVE INC business in markets outside of the United States continues to increase , NUVASIVE INC will be exposed to foreign currency exchange risk related to NUVASIVE INC foreign operations .
On July 14 , 2014 , InspireMD , Inc. entered into an employment agreement with James Barry to serve as InspireMD , Inc. executive vice president and chief operating officer , which was first amended on January 5 , 2015 , and further amended on February 22 , 2015 and on March 28 , 2016 .
Owens Corning does not provide for U.S. income taxes on the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries as earnings are reinvested and , in the opinion of management , will continue to be reinvested indefinitely outside of the U.S. As a holding company , Owens Corning have no operations of Owens Corning own and most of Owens Corning assets are held by Owens Corning direct and indirect subsidiaries .
Properties Medidata Solutions , Inc. corporate headquarters and other material leased real property as of December 31 , 2015 are shown in the following table .
As of March 31 , 2017 , OMEGA HEALTHCARE
GENESCO INC s business also includes Lids Sports Group , which operates ( i ) headwear and accessory stores under the Lids name and other names in the U.S , Puerto Rico and Canada , ( ii ) the Lids Locker Room and Lids Clubhouse businesses , consisting of sports - oriented fan shops featuring a broad array of licensed merchandise such as apparel , hats and accessories , sports decor and novelty products , operating under various trade names , ( iii ) licensed team merchandise departments in Macy 's department stores operated under the name Locker Room by Lids and on macys.com under a license agreement with Macy 's , and ( iv ) e - commerce operations .
In June 2011 , ULTRALIFE CORP experienced a fire that damaged certain inventory and machinery and equipment at ULTRALIFE CORP facility in China .
On April 12 , 2006 , Mr. Jensen became AMERICAN POWER GROUP Corp Chief Executive Officer .
Any material change in POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . relationships with Perkins and Caterpillar , including the termination of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . distribution agreement with Perkins , could have a material adverse effect on POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . business and financial results .
Kenneth Tan Kenneth Tan President and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
Under these agreements , CENTENE CORP may purchase or be required to purchase up to the total remaining interests in USMM over a period beginning in 2015 and continuing through 2017 .
( 3 ) SWIFT ENERGY CO have added proved reserves primarily through SWIFT ENERGY CO drilling activities , including 0.5 MMBoe added in 2015 and 18.2 MMBoe added in 2014 .
Evolent Health , Inc. ended the quarter with over 25 revenue - producing partners compared to 13 as of September 30 , 2016 .
MICROSOFT CORP effective tax rate was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing MICROSOFT CORP products and services through MICROSOFT CORP foreign regional operations centers in Ireland , Singapore , and Puerto Rico .
Exhibit 10.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed January 8 , 2016 .
ALY frozen yogurt stores , along with Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. interest in the self - serve frozen yogurt franchises and retail units branded as Yogurtini which Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. also acquired in January 2013 , to U - Swirl , a publicly traded company ( OTCQB : SWRL ) , in exchange for a 60 % controlling equity interest in U - Swirl .
In consideration of the sales agency rights , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. agreed to issue to GD Glottech International 500 ( adjusted for subsequent reverse stock splits ) common shares of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. capital stock , which obligation has been satisfied through the transfer to GD Glottech International of 500 ( adjusted for subsequent reverse stock splits ) shares held by Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. officer and director , Alexander Walsh .
Prior to joining SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC , Mr. Reich was Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from 2008 to 2015 for Hawaiian Telecom Communications , Inc , an incumbent local exchange carrier serving the Hawaiian Islands .
Over the past ten years through December 31 , 2015 , the Bank has opened 10 branch offices , 5 in Ocean County and 5 in Monmouth County , including a full service Financial Solutions Center in Red Bank .
Effective May 30 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a consulting agreement with Robert Gomer .
QPAGOS s operations are carried out in Mexico .
On June 16 , 2009 , SMARTHEAT INC . completed an asset purchase transaction with Siping Beifang Heat Exchanger Manufacture Co , Ltd , or Siping Beifang , to set up a new manufacturing facility under SMARTHEAT INC . newly incorporated subsidiary , SmartHeat Siping Beifang Energy Technology Co , Ltd , or SmartHeat Siping .
ICON ECI Fund Sixteen currently expect that ICON ECI Fund Sixteen next estimated Value per Share will be based upon ICON ECI Fund Sixteen assets and liabilities as of December 31 , 2016 and such value will be included in ICON ECI Fund Sixteen .
As of December 31 , 2015 , PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO owns 25.93 % in Proxisafe Ltd. ( Proxisafe ) , located in Calgary , Alberta .
Following the completion of the acquisition , former UIL shareowners owned 18.5 % of the outstanding shares of common stock of AVANGRID and Iberdrola owned the remaining shares .
On August 23 , 2016 , First Defiance announced the execution of a definitive agreement ( the Agreement ) to acquire Commercial Bancshares , Inc. ( Commercial Bancshares ) and its wholly - owned subsidiary , the Commercial Savings Bank .
In 2015 , MOSAIC CO operated three potash mines in Canada , including two shaft mines with a total of three production shafts and one solution mine , as well as one potash shaft mine in the United States .
Professor David Evans and Dr. Ryan Noyce at the University of Alberta , Canada in collaboration with us , synthesized the HPVX , which demonstrated protective vaccine activity in mice , using a model of lethal vaccinia infection .
Under the terms of the Gulf Power Settlement Agreement , Gulf Power ( 1 ) increased base rates approximately $ 35 million annually effective January 2014 and subsequently increased base rates approximately $ 20 million annually effective January 2015 ; ( 2 ) continued its current authorized retail ROE midpoint ( 10.25 % ) and range ( 9.25 % 11.25 % ) ; and ( 3 ) is accruing a return similar to AFUDC on certain transmission system upgrades placed into service after January 2014 until Gulf Power 's next base rate adjustment date or January 1 , 2017 , whichever comes first .
In addition , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . agreed to issue two - year warrants to acquire an additional 1,818,182 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $ 2.75 per share ( the SSS Warrant ) to SSS .
Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. are exempted from income taxes for income generated from Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. ocean fishing operations in China for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
Robert W. Pittman Name : Robert W. Pittman Title : Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
Mr. Enck joined Quintiles as a result of Quintiles acquisition of Beansprout Networks , an internet company designed to foster effective communication between parents and the pediatricians and child - care providers who care for their children , where Mr. Enck served as CEO .
CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . incurred $ 154.4 million , $ 149.3 million and $ 178.0 million in costs under CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . logistics agreements with Westshore and BNSF during the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively , including shortfall payments of $ 26.2 million in 2015 .
Over a period of ten years , Mr. Francis served in various capacities with Marriott International s lodging business , including Vice President of Finance for Marriott Lodging from 1995 to 1997 ; Brand Executive , Courtyard by Marriott from 1994 to 1995 ; Controller for Courtyard by Marriott and Fairfield Inn from 1993 to 1994 ; Director of Finance and Strategic Planning for Courtyard by Marriott and Fairfield Inn from 1991 to 1993 ; and Director of Hotel Development Finance from 1987 to 1991 .
MAGICJACK VOCALTEC LTD primarily operates in the U.S. and Israel , and MAGICJACK VOCALTEC LTD s Israeli operations are subject to a statutory income tax rate of 24 % in 2017 and 23 % in 2018 which is lower than MAGICJACK VOCALTEC LTD s U.S. federal income tax rate of 34 % as of September 30 , 2017 .
Fidelity & Guaranty Life operating activities provided cash of $ 237 , $ 365 and $ 35 in 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively .
in the same proportions as they own shares of Heritage Global Inc , and such shareholders have agreed to transfer their shares of Medcross Securities , Inc. to the Company ; and WHEREAS , it is deemed to be in the best interests of Heritage Global Inc. to acquire all of the shares of Medcross Securities , Inc. in a tax - free exchange of stock in accordance with Section 351 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 , and operate Medcross Securities , Inc. as a wholly - owned subsidiary of the Company ; now , therefore , it is RESOLVED , that Heritage Global Inc. is authorized to issue one share of Heritage Global Inc. s common stock for each 10 shares of Medcross Securities , Inc. common stock .
FS Energy & Power Fund generally will endeavor in each tax year to avoid any material U.S. federal excise tax on FS Energy & Power Fund earnings .
Mr. Schell is a director of the Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association and is Chairman of its legal committee .
Altegris QIM Futures Fund , L.P. believe that Altegris QIM Futures Fund , L.P. audits provide a reasonable basis for Altegris QIM Futures Fund , L.P. opinion .
The Tricor Funds , CPI Card Group Inc. majority stockholders , are funds controlled by Parallel49 Equity and its affiliates .
NUVASIVE INC sell NUVASIVE INC products in the United States through a sales force comprised of exclusive independent sales agents and directly - employed sales representatives , both engaged to sell only NuVasive products .
FSC shareholder derivative actions I n December 2015 through April 2016 , several putative shareholder derivative actions were filed on behalf of FSC in Connecticut federal court and in Connecticut and Delaware state court , naming Fifth Street Asset Management Inc. executive officers and directors and us as defendants and FSC as the nominal defendant .
Net foreign currency transaction gains ( losses ) of $ ( 40 ) million , $ ( 14 ) million , and $ ( 62 ) million for the fiscal years ended March 31 , 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively , are included in interest and other income ( expense ) , net , in ELECTRONIC ARTS INC .
In connection with the Sydson transaction , as disclosed in detail in Item 1 , Business Texas South Energy , Inc , Texas South Energy , Inc. entered into employment agreements with Messrs. Mayell and Connally , and a consulting agreement with Mr. Askew , as disclosed in Item 11 , Executive Compensation - Employment and Consulting Agreements .
FORMCAP CORP . is to pay Kerr and Keta $ 50,000 on or before November 15 , 2013 , $ 50,000 on or before December 15 2013 and the remaining balance to a maximum of $ 200,000 by January 14 , 2014 .
While an employee of New Home Co Inc , Mr. Stelmar served as an employee director of New Home Co Inc. 's Board of Directors .
summary of RIGHTSCORP , INC . s warrant activity during the year ended December 31 , 2015 is presented below : .
Since 2005 , Mr. Votruba combined his theoretical and clinical experience in the field of Competitive Intelligence serving the global pharmaceutical industry for eight years as an industry analyst advising senior leaders of companies including Amgen , Novartis , Eli Lilly , Allergan , EMD , Serono and Sanofi .
Jeffrey Neufeld _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Name : Jeffrey Neufeld Title : Senior Vice President and Treasurer .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Eastgate Biotech Corp. ( the " Company " ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2016 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , I , Rose Perri , President and Treasurer of EASTGATE BIOTECH CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
This MD A is based upon MARCUS CORP consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) .
Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. have not entered into any agreement with a market maker to file an application with FINRA on Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. behalf so as to be able to quote the shares of Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. common stock on the OTCBB maintained by FINRA .
I , Peter O ' Brien , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 ) the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Knight Knox Development Corp. for the period ended November 30 , 2016 ( the " Report " ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and ( 2 ) the information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of Knight Knox Development Corp. Dated : January 10 , 2017 By : /s/ Peter O ' Brien Peter O ' Brien President , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Secretary , Treasurer and Director ( Principal Executive Officer , Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer )
LinnCo , LLC limited liability company agreement limits the fiduciary duties owed by LinnCo , LLC officers and directors to LinnCo , LLC shareholders , and LINN Energy s limited liability company agreement limits the fiduciary duties owed by LINN Energy s officers and directors to its unitholders , including us .
Previously , Sergey served as Google s President , Technology and Co - Founder .
Ron Cohen , M.D. President , Chief Executive Officer and Director .
The following table illustrates Neff Corp operating activity for the years ended December 31 , 2014 and 2013 .
AVADEL PHARMACEUTICALS PLC previously owned manufacturing facilities , of approximately 103,900 square feet , located in Pessac , France ( Pessac Facility ) , which included ( i ) approximately 6,800 square feet used for the manufacture of Coreg CR microparticles for GSK as well as other Micropump , and LiquiTime / Trigger Lock - based formulations ( up to commercial scale ; altogether the Micropump Pilot Development facilities ) and housed two suites of equipment , as well as a dedicated warehouse , analytical control laboratory and a technical area with air compressor units , refrigeration units for solvents , and a heat boiler .
Collaboration Agreement with Sanofi Pasteur In October 2014 , Immune Design Corp. entered into a collaboration for the development of a herpes simplex virus , or HSV , immune therapy with Sanofi Pasteur , the vaccines division of Sanofi .
Upon the transaction forming Atlas on December 31 , 2010 , a yearly limitation as required by IRC Section 382 that applies to changes in ownership on the future utilization of Atlas net operating loss carryforwards was calculated .
Mr. Narayen joined Adobe in January 1998 as Vice President and General Manager of Adobe s engineering technology group .
These online sales resulted in a negative impact to SEARS HOLDINGS CORP domestic comparable store sales results of approximately 10 basis points for 2015 and a benefit of 120 basis points for 2014 .
There have been no material changes at March 31 , 2017 in DANA INC off - balance sheet arrangements from those reported or estimated in the disclosures in Item 7 of DANA INC 2016 Form 10 - K. Contractual Obligations .
In November 2015 , the FASB issued ASU 2015 - 17 , Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes , which is included in the ASC in Topic 740 .
Because Mr. Sillerman is a director , executive officer and greater than 10 % stockholder of DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc , a majority of DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. s independent directors approved the transaction .
FLEETCOR TECHNOLOGIES INC s segment results are as follows for the three and six month periods ended June 30 ( in thousands ): .
As of March 31 , 2017 , the carrying value of Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc. s investment in NANTibody was approximately $ 39.6 million .
In exchange for such services , Medovex Corp. agreed to pay Dr. Andrews a royalty equal to two ( 2 % ) percent of the DenerveX net sales during the five ( 5 ) year term of the Co - Development Agreement .
STARRETT L S CO amended its Postretirement Medical Plan effective December 31 , 2013 whereby STARRETT L S CO terminated eligibility for employees ages 55 - 64 .
Under the Purchase Agreement , LPC is obligated , under certain conditions , to purchase from Cytosorbents Corp up to $ 6 million of Cytosorbents Corp Common Stock , from time to time over a 750 day ( twenty - five ( 25 ) monthly ) period .
Mr. Tuckwiller served in various bank management and credit administration capacities for a small regional bank based in West Virginia from 1977 through 2001 , concluding as Executive Vice President .
Over the past five years , inflation has not significantly affected NOODLES & Co operating results with the exception of increased wage inflation that affected NOODLES & Co results in 2015 .
BPPR s loss share agreements with the FDIC specify that disputes can be submitted to arbitration before a review board under the commercial arbitration rules of the American Arbitration Association .
While at Sun Microsystems , from April 2006 to January 2010 , Mr. Dillon served as Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary , from April 2004 to April 2006 , as Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary , and from July 2002 to March 2004 as Vice President , Products Law Group .
On January 23 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. settled in full $ 156,000 owed to certain vendors .
Moreover , although Atkins products in its foreign operations typically mirror those in the United States , consumers in countries outside the United States may have different tastes , preferences and nutritional approaches than U.S. consumers .
Exhibit 32.1 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , I , Kenneth E. Rees , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Elevate Credit , Inc. ( the " Company " ) , hereby certify , that , to my knowledge : i. Elevate Credit , Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the period ending September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and ii .
Mr. Tomberlin previously served as Senior Vice President Resource Development and Engineering from February 2012 until April 2015 , Vice President Resource Development and Engineering from December 2009 to February 2012 , and as Director of Reservoir .
On May 15 , 2017 , SMTC CORP and Roger Dunfield , SMTC CORP s Chief Financial Officer , entered into an agreement ( the Dunfield Agreement ) pursuant to which Mr. Dunfield will receive a one - time grant of options covering 335,929 shares of Company common stock under SMTC CORP s 2010 Incentive Plan on May 15 , 2017 .
Future terrorist attacks against the United States or increased domestic or international instability could have an adverse effect on New Home Co Inc. operations .
DYNEGY INC . completed the ENGIE Acquisition on February 7 , 2017 ; therefore , the results of DYNEGY INC . newly acquired plants within DYNEGY INC . PJM , NY / NE and ERCOT segments are included in DYNEGY INC . consolidated results since the acquisition date .
Controlled Equity Offering On April 18 , 2013 , ImmunoCellular Therapeutics , Ltd. entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement ( the Sales Agreement ) with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. ( Cantor ) , as agent , pursuant to which ImmunoCellular Therapeutics , Ltd. may offer from time to time through Cantor , shares of ImmunoCellular Therapeutics , Ltd. common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to $ 25.0 million ( of which only $ 17.0 million was initially registered for offer and sale ) .
CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . previous separation from Rio Tinto could subject us and CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . stockholders to any number of risks and uncertainties .
Income from equity investees increased $ 19 million , primarily due to higher income from STARBUCKS CORP CAP joint ventures , largely China and South Korea , as well as STARBUCKS CORP North American Coffee Partnership joint venture operations .
Richard A. Smith Chief Executive Officer of FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated , as general partner of FelCor Lodging Limited Partnership .
For the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , GAIT paid SEI a monthly administrator s fee based on GAIT s net asset value , calculated as of the last business day of each month .
In May 2017 , Mr. McGrath s resignation as Chief Financial Officer of STONEMOR PARTNERS LP general partner became effective .
Southern Tide utilizes OXFORD INDUSTRIES INC owned distribution center in Lyons , Georgia for its warehouse and distribution center operations .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT are increasingly dependent on the continuous and reliable operation of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT information technology systems , and a disruption of these systems , resulting from cyber security attacks or other events , could adversely affect CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT business .
PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL INC international investment operations primarily consist of PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL INC asset management operations in Taiwan , and PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL INC operating joint ventures in Brazil , India and Italy that are accounted for under the equity method .
For the first offering period , which began November 13 , 2015 , the fair market value of INSTRUCTURE INC stock on the offering date was $ 16.00 , the price at which INSTRUCTURE INC stock was first sold to the public in INSTRUCTURE INC IPO , as specified in INSTRUCTURE INC final prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13 , 2015 , pursuant to Rule 424(b ) .
Xuesong Song and Shane McMahon shall resign their board of director positions as Executive Chairman and Chairman , respectively , and their respective employment agreements shall terminate on January 31 , 2016 and each shall deliver to the Company such waivers or other agreements so that YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . shall have no further obligations thereunder provided , that Mr. Song and Mr. McMahon
Alternatively , if the settlement date share price of FSC common stock was greater than $ 6.25 , RiverNorth was obligated to pay Fifth Street Asset Management Inc. for the excess of the settlement date share price over $ 6.25 in cash .
IXYS CORP /DE/ maintain significant business operations in Germany , the United Kingdom , the Philippines and South Korea and work with subcontractors , suppliers and manufacturers in South Korea , Japan , the Philippines and elsewhere in Europe and the Asia Pacific region .
Mr. Loughlin served as the national director of the pharmaceuticals practice at KPMG LLP , and a five - year term as member of the board of directors of KPMG LLP .
Employment Agreements Shane McMahon Employment Agreement On January 31 , 2015 , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . entered into an employment agreement with YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . Chairman , Shane McMahon .
On August 28 , 2013 , Medovex Corp. issued 3,050,000 shares of common stock to the initial SpineZ stockholders in exchange for a contribution of $ 0.04 cents per share .
Concurrently with the Acquisition , Comcast Cable Communications , LLC , a subsidiary of Comcast Corporation , or Comcast , acquired Icontrol .
CEREBAIN BIOTECH CORP . is a smaller reporting biomedical company and through its wholly owned subsidiary , Cerebain Operating , Inc. ( Formerly Cerebain Biotech Corp. ) , CEREBAIN BIOTECH CORP . s business revolves around the discovery of products for the treatment of Alzheimer s disease utilizing Omentum .
On January 27 , 2017 , JACOBS ENGINEERING GROUP INC /DE/ acquired Aquenta Consulting Pty Ltd. ( Aquenta ) headquartered in Sydney , Australia , an integrated project service solutions company .
On April 19 , 2012 , Keith White , the inventor / applicant of provisional patent application titled , Atmospheric Water Generation System Application No .
In October 2013 , the Compensation Committee of COPART INC s Board of Directors , subject to stockholder approval ( which was subsequently obtained at the December 16 , 2013 annual meeting of stockholders ) , approved the grant to each of A. Jayson Adair , COPART INC s Chief Executive Officer , and Vincent W. Mitz , COPART INC s President , of nonqualified stock options to purchase 2,000,000 and 1,500,000 shares of COPART INC s common stock , respectively , at an exercise price of $ 35.62 per share , which equaled the closing price of COPART INC s common stock on December 16 , 2013 , the effective date of grant .
Due to the significant difference in accounting for covered loans and the related FDIC loss sharing agreements , as well as non - covered acquired loans accounted for as purchased impaired loans , and given the significant amount of acquired impaired loans that are past due but still accruing , IBERIABANK CORP believes inclusion of these loans in certain asset quality ratios that reflect non - performing assets in the numerator or denominator ( or both ) results in significant distortion to these ratios .
The undersigned , Mark Kaczynski , President and Chief Executive Officer of NISSAN MOTOR ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION , a California corporation ( the Company ) , does hereby certify , in his capacity as such corporate officer , as follows : .
Other factors impacting the effective tax rate in 2015 include : the release of a valuation allowance totaling $ 18.7 million relating to the U.S. pension plan termination , foreign withholding taxes of $ 3.8 million , a tax benefit of $ 3.1 million relating to the reassessment of PTC INC . reserve requirements and a benefit of $ 1.4 million in conjunction with the reorganization of PTC INC . Atego U.S. subsidiaries .
FIRST SOLAR , INC . are subject to income taxes in both the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions in which FIRST SOLAR , INC . operate ; principally Australia , India , and Malaysia .
REALPAGE INC host REALPAGE INC products and services , support REALPAGE INC operations and service REALPAGE INC clients primarily from REALPAGE INC data centers in the Dallas , Texas area .
ADOBE SYSTEMS INC prepare ADOBE SYSTEMS INC Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) .
During the year ended December 31 , 2014 , Liberty Media Corp recognized $ 72 million in losses in its investment in Charter shares and warrants due to warrant and stock option exercises at Charter below Liberty 's book basis per share .
APEX RESOURCES INC / NV currently have no employees , other than APEX RESOURCES INC / NV sole officer and director , Tadas Dabasinskas .
Vice President and President , SBM and Global Operations W. J. McCall .
In addition to leading FSIC II Advisor , Mr. Forman currently serves as chairman , president and chief executive officer of FB Income Advisor , LLC , FS Investment Advisor , LLC , FS Energy and Power Fund , FS Global Advisor , LLC , FS Global Credit Opportunities Fund , the FSGCOF Offered Funds , the FSGCOF Closed Funds , FSIC III Advisor , LLC , FS Investment Corporation III , FSIC IV Advisor , LLC and FS Investment Corporation IV and as chairman and chief executive officer of FS Investment Corporation .
Mr. Welters joined UHG in June 2002 upon its acquisition of AmeriChoice , a health care company he founded in 1989 .
This increase in 2014 partially reflects the impact of the fourth quarter 2013 group hire of 32 institutional brokerage sales , trading and research professionals on FBR & Co. brokerage activities in 2014 as well as FBR & Co. overall increased investment in research .
Class I Directors Clyde W. Smith , Jr , 66 , has served as a director of Swift Energy since 1984 .
BASIC ENERGY SERVICES INC also operate salt water disposal wells in New Mexico , Oklahoma , Arkansas , Louisiana and North Dakota and are subject to similar regulatory controls in those states .
Through Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. insurance subsidiaries , Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. are licensed to write P C insurance in 49 states plus the District of Columbia in the United States .
Executive further agrees to make him or herself available as needed and fully cooperate with Ross in defending any anticipated , threatened , or actual litigation that currently exists , or may _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Executive s Initials Ross Initials .
Mr. Walker joined LinnCo , LLC in February 2007 as Senior Vice President , Operations and Chief Engineer .
On April 15 , 2010 , Demand Pooling , Inc. entered into a Licensing Agreement ( Licensing Agreement ) with Demand Pooling Global Services , LLC ( Licensor ) , a related party , pursuant to which Demand Pooling , Inc. was granted a , non - transferrable license for certain territories ( an exclusive license for North America and a non - exclusive license for all markets outside of North America ) for certain intellectual property developed by Licensor , principally comprising a business concept and related technology which has , as its core product , the aggregation of demand for high - ticket capital equipment and selected commodities to facilitate cooperative purchases of similar products by a significant number of large end - users ( the Technology ) .
If reimbursement of ADMA BIOLOGICS , INC . products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount , or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels , in either the U.S. or the European Union , ADMA BIOLOGICS , INC . could be adversely affected .
Christopher J. Munyan Christopher J. Munyan President and Chief Executive Officer ( principal executive officer ) .
From 2005 to the present , Ms. Yangin serves as a Director for Heilongjiang Zhongxian Information Co , Ltd.
Effective November 7 , 2016 , Fibonacci Reinsurance Ltd. ( " Fibonacci Re " ) , a Bermuda - domiciled SPI , was formed to provide collateralized capacity to Renaissance Reinsurance and its affiliates .
Ernest A. Bates , M.D , the Chief Executive Officer and Craig K. Tagawa , the Chief Financial Officer of American Shared Hospital Services , each certifies that , to the best of his knowledge : .
In addition , from September 1998 to July 2001 , Larry served as Google s Chief Executive Officer , and from September 1998 to July 2002 , as Google s Chief Financial Officer .
On March 1 , 2017 , HCi Viocare approved another one - year extension to the consulting agreement between HCi Viocare and its Vice - President , Sergios Katsaros .
On July 22 , 2013 , the board of directors authorized the issuance of 750,000 common stock options to Keith White , Ambient Water Corp s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer , Jeff Stockdale , Ambient Water Corp 's President and Chief Operating Officer , and Jeff Mitchell , at that time Ambient Water Corp 's Chief Financial Officer and Secretary , collectively 2,250,000 common stock options .
David Markwoski , Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 decreased by $ 22,022 to $ 26,520 as compared to the prior year period primarily due to the acquisition of available - for - sale securities and a controlling interest in BCE in the prior year period .
INSTRUCTURE INC common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol INST .
However , LSB Funding will be entitled to designate only one director nominee in the event LSB Funding and its affiliates collectively cease to beneficially own at least 10 % ( but not greater than 24.99 % ) of LSB INDUSTRIES INC common stock issued pursuant to the Warrants ( whether owned directly or as a right to acquire upon exercise of the Warrants ) .
As consideration for its services , IRTH will receive from the Corporation a monthly fee of $ 7,500 and as a single one - time retainer payment , $ 100,000 worth of shares of Orbital Tracking Corp. s common stock ; calculated by the average closing price of Orbital Tracking Corp. s common stock on its principal exchange for the 10 ( ten ) trading days immediately prior to the execution of this Agreement ; which shares shall be Restricted Securities , pursuant to the provisions of Rule 144 .
BNP PARIBAS , acting through its New York branch , as the Initial Liquidity Facility Provider . By : .
In the event any amount is outstanding on this loan in excess of the new credit limit , HLBE agreed to repay principal on the loan until Granite Falls Energy , LLC reach the new credit limit .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT believe that CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT audit provides a reasonable basis for CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT opinion .
On March 27 , 2017 , Yuma Energy , Inc. entered into a Joint Development Agreement with Firethorn Petroleum , LLC and Carnes Natural Gas , Ltd , both unaffiliated entities , covering an area of approximately 52 square miles ( 33,280 acres ) in Yoakum County , Texas .
Dr. Riedhammer began his career at Bausch Lomb as a Research Chemist and was its Director , Lens Care Products R D. He has served as Chairman and Director of Prevent Blindness Florida , Director of Prevent Blindness America , Sjogren s Syndrome Foundation as secretary and Junior Achievement International .
Lease Expirations On October 31 , 2014 , ARK RESTAURANTS CORP s lease at the Towers Deli located at the Venetian Casino Resort in Las Vegas , NV expired .
( 2 ) All notices and communications : Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Investments , Private Placements P.O. Box 1902 10 Park Avenue Morristown , New Jersey 07962 - 1902 Attention : Nancy Doyle , Director Emails : PPUCompliance@metlife.com and ndoyle@metlife.com With a copy OTHER than with respect to deliveries of financial statements to : .
In collaboration with Dr. Ronald Levy s lab at Stanford University , Immune Design Corp. examined the administration of intratumorally - injected G100 in the A20 murine model that is used to represent lymphoma .
/s / Robert E. Caldwell , II 1 Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors March 9 , 2017 Robert E. Caldwell , II . /s / Donald R. Abernathy 1 Director March 9 , 2017 Donald R. Abernathy . /s / Milroy A. Alexander 1 Director March 9 , 2017 Milroy A. Alexander . /s / Holly Easterling 1 Director March 9 , 2017 Holly Easterling . /s / James R. Hamby 1 Director March 9 , 2017 James R. Hamby . /s / Andrew C. Hove , Jr. 1 Director March 9 , 2017 Andrew C. Hove , Jr. /s / Michael B. Jacobson 1 Director March 9 , 2017 Michael B. Jacobson . /s / Jane C. Knight 1 Director March 9 , 2017 Jane C. Knight .
In line with SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS LP business strategy , as announced on December 15 , 2015 , during the first quarter SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS LP acquired the assets of Propane USA ( as disclosed in Item 1 , Note 3 of this Quarterly Report ) , which expands SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS LP presence in southern Florida , an already strong market for us , and provides us with an opportunity to apply SUBURBAN PROPANE PARTNERS LP operating model to enhance overall returns .
Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. focus Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. activities in Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. target markets in the Mid - Atlantic and Southeastern region s of the United States that demonstrate attractive fundamentals driven by favorable supply and demand characteristics and limited competition from other large , well - capitalized operators .
In connection with the Spin - off , on April 24 , 2012 Carrols Restaurant Group and Carrols entered into several agreements with Fiesta that govern CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . s post Spin - off relationship with Fiesta , including a Separation and Distribution Agreement , Tax Matters Agreement , Employee Matters Agreement and Transition Services Agreement .
A protectionist trade environment in either the U.S. or those foreign countries in which NORDSON CORP do business , such as a change in the current tariff structures , export compliance or other trade policies , may materially and adversely affect NORDSON CORP ability to sell NORDSON CORP products in foreign markets .
For the Three Months Ended September 30 , 2017 The $ 33.5 million decrease in J.G. Wentworth Co loss before income taxes during the three months ended September 30 , 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016 was principally due to a $ 47.1 million decrease in pre - tax loss from J.G. Wentworth Co Structured Settlements segment that was primarily the result of a $ 45.6 million increase in realized and unrealized gains ( losses ) on VIE and other finance receivables , long term debt and derivatives driven by a favorable change in realized and unrealized gains on securitized finance receivables , debt , and derivatives as a result of the change in the interest rates between the periods and a favorable change in the unrealized loss on J.G. Wentworth Co residual interest assets and related debt , which were permanently refinanced in September 2016 at which time J.G. Wentworth Co elected the fair value option for the related debt coupled with an increase in total TRB purchases .
Cash flows from investing activities Net cash used in investing activities of $ 40.1 million for the nine months ended March 31 , 2017 was primarily attributable to $ 32.0 million purchases of property and equipment , including $ 15.9 million purchase in the Joint Venture Company , and $ 8.7 million of land use rights to increase ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR Ltd in - house production capacity and to support the Joint Venture Company , partially offset by $ 0.6 million proceeds from the sale of certain equipment .
In June 1998 , Mr. Cassano founded New Forum Publishers , an electronic publisher of educational material for secondary schools , and served as its chairman of the Board and chief executive officer until it was sold to Apex Learning , Inc , a company controlled by Warburg Pincus , in August 2003 .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Report of TRI Pointe Group , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Douglas F. Bauer , Chief Executive Officer of TRI Pointe Group , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of TRI Pointe Group , Inc.
While CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT have budgeted for future capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance with these laws and CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT permits , it is possible that new or stricter standards could be imposed that will raise CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT operating costs .
From May 2006 through January 2009 , Mr. Song served as the chairman of ChinaGrowth North Acquisition Corporation , a special purpose acquisition company , which acquired UIB Group Limited in January 2009 , the second largest insurance brokerage firm in China .
Increases in residential real estate mortgages , commercial real estate loans , and consumer loans were the primary drivers of the increase in total loans from 2014 as NBT BANCORP INC experienced strong originations in 2015 in the upstate New York and Vermont markets .
After CLS Labs , Inc. ( CLS Labs ) acquired 55.6 % of the outstanding shares of common stock of CLS Holdings USA , Inc , Jeffrey Binder , the Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer of CLS Labs , was appointed Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company .
Sales of AxoGen human tissue products outside the U.S. are subject to foreign regulatory requirements that vary from country to country .
AMC refers to AMC Entertainment Inc. and its subsidiaries , National Cinema Network , Inc , or NCN , which contributed assets used in the operations of NCM LLC and formed NCM LLC in March 2005 , AMC ShowPlace Theatres , Inc , which joined NCM LLC in June 2010 in connection with AMC s acquisition of Kerasotes ICON Theatres , AMC Starplex , LLC , which joined NCM LLC in December 2015 in connection with AMC s acquisition of Starplex Cinemas and American Multi - Cinema , Inc , which is a party to an ESA with NCM LLC .
C F Bank provides retail banking services at its main office in West Point , Virginia , and 24 Virginia branches located one each in Cartersville , Chester , Cumberland , Hampton , Mechanicsville , Newport News , Norge , Powhatan , Providence Forge , Quinton , Saluda , Sandston , West Point and Yorktown , two in Williamsburg , four in Richmond and four in Midlothian .
The landlord , Kingstree Office One , LLC , is an entity controlled by John H. Sykes , the founder , former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of SYKES ENTERPRISES INC and the father of Charles Sykes , President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company .
With more than 28 years of experience in the media , cable , telecommunications and broadband industries , Mr. Fawaz offers a wealth of knowledge and expertise , developed from his time as Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of Google / Motorola Mobility from 2012 to 2013 and Executive Vice President of Strategy and Operations and Chief Technology Officer of Charter Communications from 2006 to 2011 .
Date : October 5 , 2017 By : /s/ Melanie Osterman Melanie Osterman President , Chief Executive Officer , and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer ) 9 .
BeiGene , Ltd. operating activities used $ 87.6 million and $ 39.1 million of net cash during the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively .
PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP principally provides financing and leasing of PACCAR manufactured trucks and other transportation equipment sold through the Kenworth and Peterbilt independent dealer networks in the United States .
Robert M. Snibbe , Jr. Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer .
Mr. Martin previously served as the Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer of Morgan Stanley Fund Services , a financial services firm , where his responsibilities included launching the Hedge Fund Administration business and being responsible for operations , fund accounting and administration , technology and compliance , from May 2004 through May 2006 .
For example , in Europe , Intersect ENT , Inc. are subject to a conformity assessment procedure under which a so - called Notified Body , an organization accredited by a member state of the European Economic Area , or EEA , which will audit and examine Intersect ENT , Inc. quality system for the manufacture , design , and release of Intersect ENT , Inc. products and confirm adherence with applicable regulatory requirements .
The limited revenues reflected Insulcrete , Inc. limited business activity by us during Fiscal 2016 .
IAB was headquartered in Fort Wayne , Indiana and had 16 banking centers serving the Fort Wayne market .
In 2013 , the IUB issued an order allowing IPL to proceed with a PPA for the purchase of capacity and energy generated by DAEC located near Palo , Iowa .
From 2008 - 2011 , Mr. Szoke was President of Thomas Szoke LLC , a technology consulting company focused on identity management and secure credentialing solutions .
In January 2014 , Intersect ENT , Inc. entered into an agreement with AIM Plastics , Inc , or AIM , pursuant to which AIM provides us with injection molded components in quantities to be specified in rolling quarterly forecasts provided by us .
Goodwill has decreased from $ 16,690 to $ 16,559 due to $ 16 received from a former Motion vendor during the quarter ended September 30 , 2015 and by a net decrease of $ 115 in liabilities related to former Motion vendors during the quarter ended December 31 , 2015 .
Although the motion , if granted , would result in a judgment against Quest Licensing Corporation , such subsidiary does not have the financial resources to enable it to pay any judgment which may be rendered against it , and , the defendants may seek to enforce their judgment by seeking to foreclose on the patents owned by the subsidiary or seek to force the subsidiary into bankruptcy and purchase the patents in the bankruptcy proceeding , either of which could result in a default under QUEST PATENT RESEARCH CORP agreement with United Wireless .
Asia - Pacific gross profit decreased $ 4.8 million primarily due to a shift in the product sales mix to lower margin products along with $ .7 million in net costs associated with the continued reconfiguration of the operations of one location in the segment .
I , J. Adam Sothen , as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Eastern Virginia Bankshares , Inc , certify that , to the best of my knowledge and belief , the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the fiscal period ended March 31 , 2017 , which accompanies this certification , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of Eastern Virginia Bankshares , Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated .
Pursuant to the laws and regulations of the PRC , annual income of Joway Health Industries Group Inc s subsidiaries is required to be partly allocated to the statutory reserves funds after the payment of the PRC income taxes .
In February 2015 CYBEROPTICS CORP entered into a mutually exclusive agreement to supply KLA - Tencor with high - precision 3D sensor subsystems for its back - end semiconductor packaging inspection systems .
H.D. Williams was a stockholder , affiliate and control person of Uplift Nutrition , Inc. at the time and is currently owner of record and beneficiary of 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock and will remain an affiliate of Uplift Nutrition , Inc. for a period of 90 days from the June 8 , 2015 closing date of the Transaction , ( as defined below ) , and Geoff Williams , his son , was and will remain until the Schedule 14 Information Statement Effective Date , the Chairman of the Board , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Secretary of Uplift Nutrition , Inc , and , on the date 90 days after the Schedule 14 Information Statement Effective , Geoff Williams was no longer an affiliate of Uplift Nutrition , Inc. Cowle Note Purchase and Conversion Agreements .
On July 1 , 2008 , ADM ENDEAVORS , INC . acquired all of the assets of ADM Enterprises , LLC , a sole proprietorship owned by Ardell and Tammera Mees , in exchange for 10,000,000 newly issued shares of ADM ENDEAVORS , INC . common stock .
Under the Tianjin Agreement , Tianjin Enternet agreed to contribute 100 % equity interest of Tianjin Sevenstarsflix Network Technology Limited ( SSFlix ) , a to - be - formed subsidiary of Tianjin Enternet in the PRC .
The Transfer Agent for Hoverink Biotechnologies , Inc. common stock is Direct Transfer , LLC .
He previously served us as Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since January 1 , 2009 and before that as Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since MOSAIC CO formation in 2004 .
SUNWIN STEVIA INTERNATIONAL , INC . are required to charge for and to collect value added taxes ( VAT ) on SUNWIN STEVIA INTERNATIONAL , INC . sales on behalf of the PRC tax authority .
In the translation of NIKE INC Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income , a weaker U.S. Dollar in relation to foreign functional currencies benefits NIKE INC consolidated earnings whereas a stronger U.S. Dollar reduces NIKE INC consolidated earnings .
Mr. Kelly holds a BBA from Manhattan College , a JD from St. John s University School of Law , a LLM from New York University Graduate School of Law and an MPA from the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University in addition to numerous honorary degrees .
The compensation committee currently consists of Messrs. Carleton ( Chair ) , Bernstein and Dorsey and General Wright .
A summary of Whitestone REIT non - vested and vested shares activity for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 is presented below : .
The speed and severity of the decline in oil prices from 2014 to 2016 has materially affected LinnCo , LLC results of operations .
Pursuant to the Management Services Agreement , GFE agreed to provide personnel to act as part - time officers and managers of HLBE for the positions of Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , and Commodity Risk Manager .
Celanese Corp global assets and resources are represented by Celanese Corp operations , including polymerization , compounding , research and development , and customer technology centers in all regions of the world , including Brazil , China , Germany , Italy , Mexico , South Korea and the US .
For example : SELECT INCOME REIT have no employees and the personnel and various services SELECT INCOME REIT require to operate SELECT INCOME REIT business are provided to us by RMR LLC pursuant to SELECT INCOME REIT business and property management agreements with RMR LLC ; RMR Inc. is the managing member of RMR LLC ; ABP Trust , which is owned by SELECT INCOME REIT Managing Trustees , is the controlling shareholder of RMR Inc. ; and SELECT INCOME REIT own shares of class A common stock of RMR Inc. SELECT INCOME REIT also have relationships and historical and continuing transactions with other companies to which RMR LLC provides management services and which may have trustees , directors and officers who are also trustees , directors or officers of us , RMR LLC or RMR Inc , including : GOV , which is SELECT INCOME REIT largest shareholder and at March 31 , 2017 owned approximately 27.9 % of SELECT INCOME REIT outstanding common shares ; and AIC , of which SELECT INCOME REIT , ABP Trust , GOV and four other companies to which RMR LLC provides management services each own 14.3 % and which arranges and reinsures in part a combined property insurance program for us and its six other shareholders .
In this Annual Report , references to eMagin Corporation , eMagin , Virtual Vision , the Company , EMAGIN CORP , us , and EMAGIN CORP company refer to eMagin Corporation and its wholly owned subsidiary , Virtual Vision , Inc.
EMMAUS LIFE SCIENCES , INC . indirect wholly owned subsidiary , Newfield Nutrition , sells L - glutamine as a nutritional supplement under the brand name AminoPure through retail stores in multiple states in the United States and via importers and distributors in Japan , Taiwan and South Korea .
Dr. Barer spent 18 years leading Celgene Corporation as president , chief operating officer and chief executive officer , culminating with his tenure as Celgene Corporation s executive chairman from June 2010 until January 2011and chairman from May 2006 until June 2010 and from January 2011 until his retirement in June 2011 .
CNS revenue was $ 4.6 million and $ 10.1 million in the three and six months ended September 30 , 2017 , compared to $ 6.0 million and $ 10.6 million in the same periods in the prior year .
Forward - looking statements made elsewhere in this report include without limitation statements regarding RPC INC beliefs regarding natural gas prices , production levels and drilling activities ; RPC INC belief that petroleum prices carry significant negative implications for RPC s customer activity levels over the near term ; RPC INC belief that oil - directed drilling will continue to represent the majority of the total drilling rig activity ; RPC INC continued belief in the long - term growth opportunities for RPC INC business ; RPC INC expectation to continue to focus on the development of international business opportunities in current and other international markets ; RPC INC expectations regarding acquisition targets in RPC INC industry and RPC INC ability to consummate certain transactions ; the adequacy of RPC INC insurance coverage ; the impact of lawsuits , legal proceedings and claims on RPC INC business and financial condition ; RPC INC expectations regarding payment of cash dividends to common stockholders ; RPC INC belief that the domestic rig count will continue to decline ; RPC INC belief that RPC INC will not enter into additional long - term contractual arrangements with customers during 2016 ; RPC INC statement that most industry analysts believe that the U.S. domestic rig count will continue to decline during the first half of 2016 before stabilizing in the second half of the year ;
Pharma - Bio Serv , Inc. also provide microbiological testing services and chemical testing services through Pharma - Bio Serv , Inc. laboratory testing facility ( Lab ) in Puerto Rico .
BG Staffing , Inc. is a provider of temporary staffing services that operates , along with its wholly owned subsidiaries BG Staffing , LLC , B G Staff Services Inc , BG Personnel , LP and BG Finance and Accounting , Inc. ( BGFA ) ( collectively , the Company ) , primarily within the United States of America in three industry segments :
* As presented in Eleven Biotherapeutics , Inc. s Form 10 - K as of and for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
Name Age Position Michael J. Warren 65 Chief Executive Officer and Director J. Edward Daniels 67 President , Treasurer , Secretary and Director Marius D. de Mos 66 Vice President , Technical Affairs and Development Jason T. de Mos 36 Vice President , Business Development and Aviation Compliance Earle O. Olson 58 Vice President , Industry Relations
In connection with this collaboration , Regeneron agreed to purchase $ 50.0 million of Intellia Therapeutics , Inc. s common stock in a private placement concurrent with Intellia Therapeutics , Inc. s initial public offering , and Intellia Therapeutics , Inc. received a nonrefundable upfront payment of $ 75.0 million .
Performance Graph The following graph provides a comparison of the cumulative total return on Hatteras Financial Corp common stock from December 31 , 2010 to the NYSE closing price per share on December 31 , 2015 with the cumulative total return on the Standard Poor s 500 Composite Stock Price Index ( the S P 500 ) and the FTSE National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Mortgage REIT Index ( the FTSE NAREIT MREIT Index ) .
Neuralstem , Inc. can not assure you that reimbursement in the U.S. or in foreign countries will be available for any products developed , or , if available , will not decrease in the future , or that reimbursement amounts will not reduce the demand for , or the price of , Neuralstem , Inc. products .
CITIZENS INC rely on CITIZENS INC senior executive team comprised of Chief Executive Officer Geoffrey M. Kolander , President Kay E. Osbourn , Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer David S. Jorgensen and Vice President and Chief Operating Officer , Terry Festervand to develop and execute CITIZENS INC operating and marketing plans and strategy for expanding CITIZENS INC business .
The decrease in interest expense for the year ended December 31 , 2015 is attributable to QVC s refinancing activities resulting in a lower average interest rate .
SkyWest Airlines and ExpressJet have agreed with Delta on contractual rates that are effective through December 31 , 2015 .
Also in connection with the BlueLink Asset Purchase Agreement , Cerulean Pharma Inc. and BlueLink entered into a license agreement in favor of BlueLink , pursuant to which Cerulean Pharma Inc. agreed to grant to BlueLink an exclusive , worldwide , perpetual , sublicensable right and license , under the Platform , to research , develop and commercialize the Products .
To fund the purchase of the distribution system and substation for the HLBE plant , HLBE entered into a loan agreement with Federated Rural Electric Association pursuant to which it borrowed $ 600,000 by a secured promissory note .
Resources , as the successor to a predecessor entity that owned Whiting Petroleum , continues to guarantee the partnership obligations of an affiliate of Whiting Petroleum under general partnership agreements in the oil and gas industry , including with respect to the future abandonment of certain platforms off the coast of California and related onshore plant and equipment owned by the partnerships .
In December 2013 and again in December 2014 , one of SMART Global Holdings , Inc. subsidiaries in Brazil obtained financing from BNDES to purchase capital equipment and invest in further expansion of SMART Global Holdings , Inc. operations in Brazil .
Mr. Schwarzman was elected Chairman of the board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner effective March 20 , 2007 .
Mr. Blech is a renowned biotechnology entrepreneur and investor , who , over the past 32 years , has founded and served on the board of companies which have produced major advances in a broad array of diseases , including the diagnosis of chlamydia , herpes , syphilis and HIV , and the treatment of cystic fibrosis , sexual dysfunction , multiple myeloma and brain cancer .
Since November 2011 , Mr. Shrewsbury , TX Holdings , Inc. CEO , has provided financing to us that , in addition to a bank term loan , TX Holdings , Inc. have relied upon to fund and expand TX Holdings , Inc. business operations .
On the same date as above , Andrew Khor Poh Kiang was named Chief Executive Officer and President , Lee Kok Keing was named Chief Financial Officer , Dr. Eric Chin Tek Mun was named Chief Operations Officer , Simon Chua Chooi Huat , was named Secretary , and Dr. Ng Mooi Eng was named Treasurer .
On October 31 , 2016 , GAS acquired , effective as of October 1 , 2016 , substantially all of the assets of D D GSE Support , Inc.
Significant Employees William C. Lachmar , in addition to be Geo Point Resources , Inc. President , Manager and sole director , is also the primary reason and contact person customers of the Environmental and Engineering Divisions transferred by Geo Point Utah to us refer business to or contract for business with these Divisions .
University of Connecticut Agreement Connecticut Water and the University of Connecticut ( UCONN ) negotiated a definitive agreement for Connecticut Water to provide a long - term supply of potable water for UCONN s Storrs campus facilities which was approved by the Board of Trustees at their December 11 , 2013 meeting and executed on December 18 , 2013 .
In addition , Mr. Zimmerman is currently , and Ms. Zimmerman was for part of fiscal year 2015 , an executive officer of Sajan .
For example , it was announced in January 2017 that Mars , Inc. ( Mars ) and VCA Inc. ( VCA ) , a leading provider of pet health care services with nearly 800 small animal veterinary hospitals in the United States and Canada , had entered into an agreement under which Mars would acquire VCA and VCA would join Mars Petcare , one of the world s leading pet care providers .
From 1989 until 1995 , Mr. Loy served Sandoz Pharmaceuticals ( now Novartis ) in a variety of financial , audit and controller positions located in Europe , Central America and Japan .
Entergy Louisiana s financing activities provided $ 614.9 million of cash in 2016 compared to using $ 446.7 million in 2015 primarily due to the following activity : .
Starting in 2017 and continuing through 2020 , ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC also agreed to make quarterly payments to GF based on the volume of certain wafers purchased from another wafer foundry .
TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC formed Tidelands Statutory Trust I and Tidelands Statutory Trust II on February 22 , 2006 and June 20 , 2008 , respectively , for the purpose of issuing trust preferred securities .
Paritosh K. Choksi Paritosh K. Choksi Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of ATEL Financial Services , LLC ( Managing Member ) .
LinnCo , LLC are required to pay taxes with respect to LinnCo , LLC share of LINN Energy s taxable income , including LinnCo , LLC share of ordinary income and capital gain upon dispositions of properties by LINN Energy or cancellation of debt by LINN Energy , even if LinnCo , LLC do not receive any cash distributions from LINN Energy to fund any resulting tax liability .
The assets and investments in Delek Logistics Partners , LP pipelines and transportation segment consist of and have been made in pipelines , tanks , offloading facilities , trucks and ancillary assets , which provide crude oil gathering and crude oil , intermediate and refined products transportation and storage services primarily in support of Delek 's refining operations in Tyler , Texas and El Dorado , Arkansas .
Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Use of estimates To prepare Oncolix , Inc. condensed financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) , Oncolix , Inc. are required to make significant estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period .
On January 26 , 2016 , Ominto , Inc. s Board of Directors appointed Mitch Hill , a current director of Ominto , Inc. and Chairman of the Audit Committee since June 2015 , as Interim CEO .
Foreign Currency Exchange Rates The U.S. dollar is the functional currency of TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . s U.S. operations and continues to be the principal currency in which TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . conducts its operations .
Certain other U.S. and non - U.S. subsidiaries of Jefferies are subject to capital adequacy requirements as prescribed by the regulatory authorities in their respective jurisdictions , including Jefferies International Limited which is authorized and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the United Kingdom .
At December 31 , 2016 , AXIOM HOLDINGS , INC , through its wholly owned direct and indirect subsidiaries listed below , operates in two industry segments , namely hospitality and power production , and one geographic segment , the People s Republic of China ( China or the PRC ) .
Mr. Martin has also served as Managing Director Global Operations of Morgan Stanley Investment Management , a financial services firm , since June 2006 , where his responsibilities include managing all elements of in - sourced and out - sourced global operations , and serving as a senior member of Morgan Stanley Investment Management s Management , Risk Management , New Products Committees .
During 2014 , OVERSTOCK.COM , INC formed t.com , Inc. ( formerly Medici , Inc. ) to develop blockchain and financial technology as part of OVERSTOCK.COM , INC Medici initiatives .
Thomas P. Schneider , 53 , is an Executive Vice President and the Chief Trader of the Manager .
China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc is required to transfer 10 % of its net income , as determined in accordance with the PRC accounting rules and regulations , to a statutory surplus reserve fund until such reserve balance reaches 50 % of the Company s registered capital .
Prior to becoming Vice Chairman , Mr. Shepherd served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer , from 2012 to 2013 , Executive Vice President , Construction Materials , from 2011 to 2012 , and Senior Vice President , Construction Materials East , from 2007 to 2011 .
Mr. Schwarzman s agreement provides that he will remain Blackstone Group L.P. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer while continuing service with us and requires him to give us six months prior written notice of intent to terminate service with us .
The discounting charge is computed on a daily basis until the amount of the U.K. Purchased Account is paid to RBS , and equals the amount of the U.K. Purchased Account multiplied by the sum of the National Westminster Bank Plc base rate then in effect plus 1.75 % divided by 365 .
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Information regarding executive compensation and director compensation is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth under the captions Non - Employee Director Compensation , Executive Compensation and PATTERSON COMPANIES , INC . Board of Directors and Committees Committee Responsibilities PATTERSON COMPANIES , INC . Compensation Committee and Its Report in the 2017 Proxy Statement .
Net cash used by operating activities was $ 30.0 million for the fiscal year ended June 30 , 2017 , which reflected Aviragen Therapeutics , Inc. net loss during the period of $ 29.4 million , a net decrease in operating liabilities of $ 3.3 million , partially offset by net non - cash income of $ 0.6 million , and a net decrease in operating assets of $ 2.1 million .
HYPERDYNAMICS CORP owned a 77 % participating interest in HYPERDYNAMICS CORP Guinea Concession prior to the sale of a 40 % gross interest to Tullow which closed on December 31 , 2012 .
BioTime s unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 include OncoCyte s results for the period from January 1 , 2017 through February 16 , 2017 , the day immediately preceding the deconsolidation .
In connection with the 2015 Private Placement , Chardan acted as sole placement agent in consideration for which it received a cash fee of $ 300,000 and a warrant to purchase up to 141,668 shares of Genius Brands International , Inc. s Common Stock .
LinnCo , LLC share of LINN Energy s taxable income and gain ( or specific items thereof ) may be substantially greater than , or LINN Energy s tax losses and deductions ( or specific items thereof ) may be substantially less than , LinnCo , LLC interest in LINN Energy s economic profits because of allocations under section 704(c ) of the Internal Revenue Code .
Moreover , because most of Extraction Oil & Gas , Inc. operations are conducted in a particular area , the DJ Basin in Colorado , legal restrictions imposed in that area will have a significantly greater adverse effect than if Extraction Oil & Gas , Inc. had Extraction Oil & Gas , Inc. operations spread out amongst several diverse geographic areas .
Mr. Wagner serves as the chairman of the committee .
At December 31 , 2015 , no provision has been made for U.S. federal and state taxes on cumulative foreign earnings from CPI Card Group - Europe Limited operations of approximately $ 2 , 707 , which are expected to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S. T he U.S. deferred tax liability associated with indefinitely reinvested earnings and profits is not material .
Mr. Youngkin also serves on the Board of Trustees of the National Cathedral School and the Board of Directors of the Rice Management Company .
On June 16 , 2015 , JETBLUE AIRWAYS CORP entered into an ASR with Goldman , Sachs Co , or the 2015 ASR , paying $ 150 million for an initial delivery of approximately 6.1 million shares .
Terry Howlett Terry Howlett Title : Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer and Director .
Joseph D. Kelly , born in 1970 , joined Campbell Company in September 2016 as Managing Director of the Client Solutions Group of Campbell Company , a registered commodity trading advisor , and its wholly owned subsidiary Campbell Company Investment Adviser LLC , an SEC registered investment adviser , since October 2016 .
At December 31 , 2015 , OREO ended the year with a zero balance , after the one remaining property was sold in 2015 .
INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN licenses this product from TLM Holdings , LLC ( TLMH ) , a company in which Insignia s Chief Sales and Marketing Officer , Tim Halfmann , is the majority owner and serves as a principal .
( 1 ) On April 1 , 2015 , James F. Volk was appointed as FS Energy & Power Fund chief compliance officer .
As a result , L Catterton , certain of its affiliates and Argentia could continue to potentially have significant influence over all matters presented to NOODLES & Co stockholders for approval , including election and removal of NOODLES & Co directors and change in control transactions .
Immune Design Corp. license agreement with UNC Chapel Hill will expire upon the expiration of the last - to - expire licensed patent rights , or , if no patents issue from the licensed patent rights , in January 2028 .
In May 2014 , Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. acquired all of the outstanding member interests in American Wind Capital Company , LLC ( AWCC ) from Northwharf Nominees Limited , DBD AWCC LLC , NGP Energy Technology Partners II , L.P. and C.C. Hinckley Company , LLC in exchange for approximately $ 107 million ( the Purchase Price ) , which Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. funded with Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. cash on hand and availability under Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. credit facilities .
The water segment is comprised of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT core regulated water operations to supply water to CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT customers .
Raymond V. Damadian . Chairman of the Board , Treasurer and .
Simultaneously , in December 2014 , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC sold to Media General the broadcast assets of WTTA in Tampa , FL and KXRM / KXTU in Colorado Springs , CO for $ 93.1 million less working capital of $ 0.6 million .
Exhibit 32.2 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , I , John Chieffo , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Prudential Annuities Life Assurance Corporation ( the Company ) , hereby certify that PRUDENTIAL ANNUITIES LIFE ASSURANCE CORP / CT s Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 ( the Report ) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of PRUDENTIAL ANNUITIES LIFE ASSURANCE CORP / CT .
Primarily as a result of cumulative losses recognized by LinnCo , LLC , its investment in LINN Energy was reduced to zero as of December 31 , 2015 , at which time LinnCo , LLC discontinued applying the equity method .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Annual Report of LinnCo , LLC ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Mark E. Ellis , Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer of LinnCo , LLC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of LinnCo , LLC .
For example , in 2015 , BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC terminated the franchise agreement in Scandinavia leading to the closure of stores in Norway and Sweden .
From November 2006 until August 2008 , Mr. Schumacher served as President of Titan Resources , LLC , which built an acreage position in the Barnett Shale that it sold to XTO Energy in October 2008 .
As part of RE / MAX Holdings , Inc. growth strategy RE / MAX Holdings , Inc. may pursue reacquisitions of regional franchise rights in Independent Regions in the U.S. and Canada as well as additional acquisitions or investments in complementary businesses , services and technologies that would provide access to new markets or customers , or otherwise complement RE / MAX Holdings , Inc. existing operations .
In connection with the annual report of Lumos Networks Corp. ( the Company ) on Form 10- K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 ( the Report ) , I , Johan G. Broekhuysen , Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer of Lumos Networks Corp , do hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , to my knowledge that : .
Under the Management Services Agreement , Granite Falls Energy , LLC agreed to supply its own personnel to act as part - time officers and managers of HLBE for the positions of Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , and Commodity Risk Manager .
As a result of these factors , many of which are difficult to control or predict , as well as the other risk factors discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q , IXYS CORP /DE/ may experience materially adverse fluctuations in IXYS CORP /DE/ future operating results on a quarterly or annual basis .
In August 2009 , Bellerophon Therapeutics , Inc. entered into a license agreement with BioLineRx Ltd. and BioLine Innovations Jerusalem L.P , which are referred to collectively as BioLine , under which Bellerophon Therapeutics , Inc. obtained an exclusive worldwide license to BCM .
Orbital Tracking Corp. believe that Orbital Tracking Corp. will be able to charge Orbital Tracking Corp. customers lower prices for satellite airtime than Orbital Tracking Corp. competitors due to the preferential pricing Orbital Tracking Corp. have with Globalstar due to the Globalstar agreements .
Early in the Transition Period , MARCUS CORP purchased the SafeHouse in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , adding another restaurant brand to MARCUS CORP portfolio .
( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Annual Report ) , I , Gregory T. Lucier , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of NUVASIVE INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to my knowledge : 1 .
Steven C. Quay , M.D , Ph.D. Dr. Quay has served as Chief Executive Officer , President and Chairman of the Board of Directors of ATOSSA GENETICS INC since ATOSSA GENETICS INC was incorporated in April 2009 .
WADDELL & REED FINANCIAL INC has had no material changes during the quarter to its Risk Factors from those previously reported in WADDELL & REED FINANCIAL INC s 2016 Form 10 - K. Item 2 .
If there is a downturn in the economy in Virginia , Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. operations and Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. revenue and cash available for distribution , including cash available to pay distributions to Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. stockholders , could be materially adversely affected .
If XG SCIENCES INC terminates Dr. Rose without cause , or if Dr. Rose resigns with cause , XG SCIENCES INC has agreed to pay Dr. Rose s base salary for a period of six months , any permitted COBRA health insurance premiums for Dr. Rose and his family , and any pro - rata bonus amounts that are deemed to have been earned during Dr. Rose s employment period prior to termination .
Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. were formed on September 10 , 2009 .
Exhibit 32.1 The undersigned , Daniel Draper , Principal Executive Officer of Invesco PowerShares Capital Management LLC , the Managing Owner of PowerShares DB Agriculture Fund ( the Fund ) , a series of PowerShares DB Multi - Sector Commodity Trust , hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
PUGET SOUND ENERGY INC generally enters into transactions using the following master agreements : WSPP , Inc. ( WSPP ) agreements , which standardize physical power contracts ; International Swaps and Derivatives Association ( ISDA ) agreements , which standardize financial natural gas and electric contracts ; and North American Energy Standards Board ( NAESB ) agreements , which standardize physical natural gas contracts .
Monetary assets and liabilities at SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO Mexican subsidiaries that are denominated in U.S. dollars may fluctuate significantly throughout the year .
Ms. Foster resigned as a director on February 24 , 2015 .
FBB s total investment in FBEF at December 31 , 2016 was $ 7.1 million , gross loans and leases outstanding were $ 42.5 million and FBEF had net loss of $ 98,000 for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
All of CHINA JO - JO DRUGSTORES , INC . s products are sold in the PRC and are subject to a VAT on the gross sales price .
Accordingly , pursuant to the tax receivable agreement , such corporate taxpaying entities ( including Och - Ziff Capital Management Group LLC if it is treated as a corporate taxpayer ) have agreed to pay Och - Ziff Capital Management Group LLC executive managing directors and the Ziffs 85 % of the amount of cash savings , if any , in federal , state and local income taxes in the United States that these entities actually realize related to their units as a result of such increases in tax basis .
HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA and other U.S. and foreign vessel owners have been able to obtain such waivers in the foreign jurisdictions in which HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA operate .
Prior to joining Kodak , he was based in Singapore with Pitney Bowes Inc , most recently as President , Global Growth Markets , with responsibility for EASTMAN KODAK CO s operations in Latin America , Asia Pacific , Middle East , Africa and emerging markets , from July 2010 until March 2014 .
Headquartered in Madison , Wisconsin , Propeller Health provides digital solutions to measurably improve respiratory health .
Upon the closing of that sale , the FitzPatrick decommissioning trust along with the decommissioning obligation for that plant will be transfered to Exelon .
Calumet Specialty Products Partners , L.P. are headquartered in Indianapolis , Indiana , and own specialty and fuel products facilities primarily located in northwest Louisiana , northwest Wisconsin , northern Montana , western Pennsylvania , Texas , New Jersey and eastern Missouri .
As a result of the impairment assessment of IPR D , AMYRIS , INC . recognized an impairment of its IPR D asset of zero , $ 5.5 million and $ 3.0 million for the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively .
Prior to his appointment as Vice - President of Business Development and Marketing , Mr. Miller served as the general manager of FRANKLIN COVEY CO central regional sales office for six years .
She previously held various positions of increasing responsibility at AT T including Senior Vice President of Talent Development / Chief Diversity Officer and President of AT T 's operations in both Missouri and Arkansas .
On December 16 , 2016 , Uni Line Corp. entered into a share purchase agreement ( the Purchase Agreement ) with Porter Group Limited ( PGL ) to acquire all issued and outstanding shares of PGL .
REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP reimburses MacAndrews Forbes from time to time for their allocable portion of the premiums for such coverage or REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP pays the insurers directly , which premiums REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP believes are more favorable than the premiums that REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP would pay were it to secure stand - alone coverage .
Mr. Parker continued , PARKERVISION INC patent enforcement efforts are ongoing and PARKERVISION INC firmly believe that maintaining the course on these enforcement actions will ultimately result in valuable asset monetization for ParkerVision .
Mr. Warren s significant experience as a chief financial officer of oil and gas companies , together with his experience as an investment banker and broad industry knowledge , enable Mr. Warren to provide the board with executive counsel on a full range of business , strategic , financial and professional matters .
In fiscal year 2013 IMMUNOMEDICS INC entered into a collaboration agreement , referred to herein as the Collaboration Agreement , with Algeta ASA ( subsequently acquired by The Bayer Group Bayer ) , for the development of epratuzumab to be conjugated with Algeta s proprietary thorium-227 alpha - pharmaceutical payload .
References in this Annual Report on Form 10 - K to the " Separation " refer to the legal separation and transfer of Grace s construction products and packaging technologies businesses to GCP Applied Technologies Inc. through a dividend distribution to Grace shareholders on February 3 , 2016 .
Under the terms of the Allonge , HLBE and Agrinatural agreed to increase the principal amount of the Original Agrinatural Credit Facility to approximately $ 3.06 million , defer commencement of repayment of principal until May 1 , 2015 , decrease the monthly principal payment to $ 36,000 per month and shorten maturity of the Original Agrinatural Credit Facility to May 1 , 2019 .
Immune Design Corp. Registration Statement on Form S-1 was declared effective by the SEC for Immune Design Corp. initial public offering , TVS filed a new complaint against us in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware , alleging facts substantially similar to the prior complaint .
Additionally , Mr. Loughlin served as chairman of the pension and investment committee of the KPMG LLP board from 1995 through 2001 .
PATRICK J. GOODMAN , 50 , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2012 .
Greenbacker Renewable Energy Co LLC s consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) , which requires the use of estimates , assumptions and the exercise of subjective judgment as to future uncertainties .
In April 2015 , SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC acquired a 31.5 % interest in meQuilibrium for $ 6.5 million .
During 2014 , LSB INDUSTRIES INC settled the examination with the IRS for the tax years 2008 - 2010 with no material changes to LSB INDUSTRIES INC financial position , results of operations and cash flow .
The transactions covered by this report include publicly issued auto loan asset - backed securities transactions issued from September 20 , 2011 to December 31 , 2015 for which AFS SenSub Corp. acted as servicer involving auto loans ( the Platform ) .
Results of Operations three months ended March 31 , 2017 versus the three months ended March 31 , 2016 The table below provides a summary of Time Inc. results of operations for three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 ( in millions ): . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ NM - Not Meaningful Revenues The following table presents Time Inc. Revenues , by type , for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 ( in millions ): .
YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . operate under a national government license obtained by CHC to serve as their exclusive agent in the PRC for operating and marketing TVOD , SVOD , Near Video On Demand ( NVOD ) and related Value - Added Services ( VAS ) .
See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in CIGNA CORP s 2016 Form 10 - K for additional policy information related to separate accounts .
As a result of these seasonal and quarterly fluctuations , Everyday Health , Inc. believe that comparisons of Everyday Health , Inc. quarterly results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and that these comparisons are not reliable as indicators of Everyday Health , Inc. future performance .
In January 2014 , Fidelity & Guaranty Life entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Vigneau .
Westwood Management and Westwood International provide investment advisory services to institutional clients , the Westwood Funds , other mutual funds , an Ireland - domiciled fund organized pursuant to the European Union s Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities ( UCITS ) , individuals and clients of Westwood Trust .
Mr. Peters served as a director of TransMontaigne GP L.L.C , the general partner of TransMontaigne Partners L.P. ( NYSE : TLP ) , from May 2005 to August 2014 , and served as a member of the audit and compensation committees and as the chair of the conflicts committee .
FTI CONSULTING INC also lease offices to support FTI CONSULTING INC operations in 36 other cities across the U.S , including New York , Chicago , Denver , Houston , Dallas , Los Angeles , and San Francisco , and FTI CONSULTING INC lease office space to support FTI CONSULTING INC international locations in 28 countries the United Kingdom , Ireland , France , Germany , Spain , Belgium , Denmark , Russia , Australia , Switzerland , Netherlands , China ( including Hong Kong ) , Japan , Singapore , the United Arab Emirates , Korea , South Africa , Argentina , Brazil , Colombia , Panama , Mexico , Canada , Indonesia , India , Qatar , the Cayman Islands and the British Virgin Islands .
( a)(3 ) Exhibits Articles of Incorporation of Westbury Bancorp , Inc. * Amended and Restated Bylaws of Westbury Bancorp , Inc. * * Form of Common Stock Certificate of Westbury Bancorp , Inc. * Form of Employee Stock Ownership Plan * Amended and Restated Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Westbury Bank and Kirk J. Emerich * * * * * Employment Agreement between Westbury Bank and Kirk J. Emerich * * * Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Westbury Bank and Greg J. Remus * * * * Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors and Key Management Employees of Westbury Bank * Split - Dollar Insurance Agreement between Westbury Bank and Greg J. Remus * * * * * Change in Control Agreement between Westbury Bank and Glenn J. Stadler Change in Control Agreement between Westbury Bank and Michael C. Holland Change in Control Agreement between Westbury Bank and Peter Lee Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
On June 26 , 2015 , Immunomedics , Inc.   filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey   against the Board of Directors of Roger Williams Medical Center , Dr. Richard P. Junghans , Dr. Steven C. Katz , the Office of the Board of Advisors of Tufts University School of Medicine , and one or more individuals or entities to be identified later .
As of June 25 , 2017 , BUFFALO WILD WINGS INC owned and operated 635 company - owned restaurants , including 626 Buffalo Wild Wings and 9 R Taco restaurants in the United States and Canada .
As such , lease termination expenses relating to such leases of $ 543,000 were included in general and administrative expense in POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . 2015 consolidated results of operations .
Late in MARCUS CORP fiscal 2014 , MARCUS CORP obtained a new management contract to operate the Heidel House Resort Spa , located in Green Lake , Wisconsin .
The variation in Hughes Satellite Systems Corp effective tax rate from the U.S. federal statutory rate for the same period in 2014 was primarily due to research and experimentation tax credits and lower state effective tax rate .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of YBCC , Inc.   on Form 10 - Q for the period ending June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof   , I , Xiuhua Song , Chief Executive Officer of YBCC , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
The increase in Essent Group Ltd. operating results in 2014 over 2013 was primarily due to an increase in net premiums earned associated with the growth of Essent Group Ltd. IIF and increases in net investment income and realized investment gains , partially offset by increases in other underwriting and operating expenses , the provision for losses and loss adjustment expenses and income taxes .
Although CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT believe CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT income tax estimates , including any tax reserves or valuation allowances CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT have recorded or may record , are appropriate , there is no assurance that the final determination of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT income tax liability will not be materially different ; either higher or lower , from what is reflected in CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT income tax provision .
On the same day , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . entered into the following contractual arrangements with Bing Wu and Yun Zhu ( collectively , the New Sinotop VIE Agreements ) , also effective on March 30 , 2016 when the above mentioned transfer arrangements were approved by the SAIC : .
Consolidated gross profit increased from 2014 to 2015 primarily reflecting the consolidation of IMTT s results , contribution from the acquisition of BEC and wind power facilities and improved results at Atlantic Aviation including the contribution from acquired FBOs .
This provides us with the opportunity to gain share in the Ethernet market as users upgrade from one or 10Gb / s directly to 25/40/50 or 100Gb / s. Mellanox Technologies , Ltd. revenues for the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 were $ 857.5 million , $ 658.1 million , and $ 463.6 million , respectively .
REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP operates an extensive research and development facility in Edison , New Jersey for products within its Consumer segment .
Paul D. Donahue Paul D. Donahue President and Chief Executive Officer .
obtainment and maintenance of patent , trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity , both in the United States and internationally , including Spero Therapeutics , Inc. ability to maintain Spero Therapeutics , Inc. license agreement with Meiji with respect to .
Gerry Canet Name : Gerry Canet Title : Managing Director By : /s/
As a result of the share exchange transaction , BSL became China Shouguan Investment Holding Group Corp wholly - owned operating subsidiary in the PRC .
As of March 31 , 2017 , SKECHERS USA INC Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer , Robert Greenberg , beneficially owned 75.2 % of SKECHERS USA INC outstanding Class B common shares , members of Mr. Greenberg s immediate family beneficially owned an additional 10.9 % of SKECHERS USA INC outstanding Class B common shares , and Gil Schwartzberg , trustee of several trusts formed by Mr. Greenberg and his wife for estate planning purposes , beneficially owned 34.3 % of SKECHERS USA INC outstanding Class B common shares .
Following the sale , the assets and liabilities of QuantHouse are no longer reported in S&P Global Inc. consolidated balance sheet as of March 31 , 2017 .
PIZZA INC s President and Chief Executive Officer , J. Patrick Doyle , and Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , Jeffrey D. Lawrence , performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of DOMINOS
In Alabama , ARK RESTAURANTS CORP operates two Original Oyster Houses , one in Gulf Shores , Alabama and one in Spanish Fort , Alabama .
On March 29 , 2016 , a former local sales representative in Chile , Aquavant , S.A , filed a claim against Ormat s subsidiaries in the 27 th Civil Court of Santiago , Chile on the basis of unjust enrichment .
In July 2014 , in connection with the acquisition of the remaining interest in IMTT , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp purchased insurance from an insurance underwriter who then paid commission to MIF .
MITCHAM INDUSTRIES INC , through its wholly owned Canadian subsidiary , Mitcham Canada , ULC ( MCL ) , its wholly owned Russian subsidiary , Mitcham Seismic Eurasia LLC ( MSE ) , its wholly owned Hungarian subsidiary , Mitcham Europe Ltd. ( MEL ) , its wholly owned Singaporean subsidiary , Mitcham Marine Leasing Pte . Ltd. ( MML ) , and its branch operations in Colombia , provides full - service equipment leasing , sales and service to the seismic industry worldwide .
In February 1994 , the founders of Protagenic Therapeutics , Inc. ew effected a management buyout by forming Protagenic Therapeutics , Inc. ew which purchased substantially all of the assets of The Millbrook Press Inc.
For the year ended December 31 , 2015 , total revenue decreased by $ 17.4 million primarily as a result of : a reduced level of spill response activity on the part of IMTT s subsidiary OMI Environmental Solutions ; a reduction in heating revenue attributable to the milder winter weather in 2015 compared with 2014 ; a decrease in rail services revenue principally in connection with the reduction in demand for Canadian crude oil in the U.S. ; and , the weakening of the Canadian Dollar relative to the U.S. Dollar and its impact on contributions from IMTT s interests in two terminals in Canada .
The graph assumes a $ 100 investment on February 12 , 2013 , the first day Atlas traded on the NASDAQ exchange , in Atlas common stock and for each index listed , and all dividends are assumed to be reinvested .
Mr. Jarvie is a founder and therefore may be considered a promoter , as that term is defined in Rule 405 of Regulation C. Director Independence .
To reflect his new role and responsibilities , Products Corporation entered into an amendment to Mr. Pieraccioni s employment agreement , which , among other things , provides that Mr. Pieraccioni will serve as REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer at an annual base salary of not less than $ 1,000,000 , with a target bonus of 100 % of his base salary and with the possibility of exceeding such amount based upon REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s and/or Mr. Pieraccioni s over - achievement of their respective objectives .
Moody National REIT I , Inc. do not believe that the adoption of ASU No . 2016 - 15 will have a material effect on Moody National REIT I , Inc. consolidated financial position or Moody National REIT I , Inc. consolidated results of operations .
Ms. Robinson has served on TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC board since TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC s formation .
If Tenant , or any person or entity owning any direct or indirect membership interest or other equity ownership interest in Tenant , at any time becomes a Blocked Person or acts directly or indirectly for or on behalf of any Blocked Person , such event shall constitute an Event of Default under this Lease , unless within thirty ( 30 ) days after Tenant becomes aware of such Blocked Person or aware of actions taken directly or indirectly for or on behalf of such Blocked Person , Tenant initiates and diligently pursues steps to cause such Blocked Person to be removed from owning a direct or indirect membership or other equity ownership interest in Tenant or removed from the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons .
Corporate History and Structure La Quinta Holdings Inc. was incorporated in Delaware on December 9 , 2013 .
On December 31 , 2016 , Staffing Group , Ltd. operated five ( 5 ) staffing locations in Charlotte , North Carolina , Indianapolis , Indiana , Nashville , Tennessee Raleigh , North Carolina and Montgomery , Alabama .
Pursuant to Section 13.9 of the Agreement , I , Daniel Bober , Executive Vice President of Commercial Mortgage Services do hereby certify that : .
Administrative Services Agreements by and between NRG Yield , Inc. and NRG Renew Operation Maintenance LLC Various wholly - owned subsidiaries of NRG Yield , Inc. in the Renewables segment are party to administrative services agreements with NRG Renew Operation and Maintenance LLC , or RENOM , a wholly - owned subsidiary of NRG , which provides O M services on behalf of these entities .
The Water Operations segment is comprised of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT core regulated water operations to supply public drinking water to CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT customers .
MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY , LLC have also entered into a Managing Participating Broker Agreement with MP Securities pursuant to which MP Securities act s as the managing broker for the offering of MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY , LLC Class 1 Notes .
Under the first of those agreements , Planet Fitness , Inc. are generally required to pay to the Continuing LLC Owners 85 % of the applicable tax savings , if any , in U.S. federal and state income tax that Planet Fitness , Inc. are deemed to realize as a result of certain tax attributes of their Holdings Units sold to us ( or exchanged in a taxable sale ) and that are created as a result of ( i ) the sales of their Holdings Units for shares of Class A common stock and ( ii ) tax benefits attributable to payments made under the tax receivable agreement ( including imputed interest ) .
In 2007 , PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO acquired the shares of Direct Power and Water Corporation ( DPW ) , located in New Mexico , U.S.
In accordance with FHFA regulations , FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION FANNIE MAE submitted FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION FANNIE MAE most recent stress test results to FHFA and the Federal Reserve Board of Governors in May 2016 and published FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION FANNIE MAE most recent stress test results for the severely adverse scenario on FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION FANNIE MAE website in August 2016 .
Power of Attorney - Peter V. Fazio , Jr. Exhibit 24.19 THESE PRESENTS that I , Peter V. Fazio , Jr , do hereby appoint Anne R. Pramaggiore and Ver nica G mez , or either of them , attorney for me and in my name and on my behalf to sign the annual Securities and Exchange Commission report on Form 10 - K for 2016 of Commonwealth Edison Company , together with any amendments thereto , to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission , and generally to do and perform all things necessary to be done in the premises as fully and effectually in all respects as I could do if personally present .
SWIFT ENERGY CO 's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by , or under the supervision of , SWIFT ENERGY CO 's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of SWIFT ENERGY CO 's financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U. S. generally accepted accounting principles .
Mr. Low served as the Senior Product Manager , Cash / Trade / FX Changel , and from January 2008 through June 2012 , and Head of Transaction Banking and Product Specialists , from July 2012 through March 2013 , SME Banking , Standard Chartered Bank China Co Ltd ( SCB ) .
On November 22 , 2016 , MOMENTOUS ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INC cancelled 53,501,800 shares of common stock originally given to Kurt E. Neubauer , President and CEO , John Pepe , Chief Operating Officer and Tim Williams , Executive Vice President of Business Development for note conversions and service and issued 122,000 shares of Preferred Series B stock as follows : .
Since April 2005 , Ms. Garnick has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer for Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. property manager , Glenborough .
Mr. Liu Enjia , Mr. Wang Youliang , and Ms. Shan Yanqin , the members of China Modern Agricultural Information , Inc. Board of Directors , are not independent using the definition of independence under the rules of the SEC .
Acacia Foods , B.V. is committed to invest $ 9 million in Buchan Ltd. Donnie Smith , who during the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 was Chief Executive Officer of TYSON FOODS INC , serves as the Chairman of Acacia Foods , B.V. and as a director of Buchan Ltd.
Prior to becoming Royale s CEO , Mr. Gregory , from March 2014 to July 2015 , served as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Development Strategist for Americo Energy Resources , a private exploration and production company located in Houston , Texas .
Although this strengthening has been somewhat ameliorated by the British Government s stated desire to accomplish a transitional exit , because AVID TECHNOLOGY , INC . translate revenue denominated in foreign currency into U.S. dollars for AVID TECHNOLOGY , INC . financial statements , during periods of a strengthening U.S. Dollar , AVID TECHNOLOGY , INC . reported revenue from foreign operations is reduced .
On March 14 , 2014 CYBEROPTICS CORP acquired substantially all of the assets of Laser Design ,
Ominto , Inc. currently have trademarks registered or pending in the US , Europe , Canada , South Korea , Singapore , and all of the contracting parties ( countries ) of the Madrid protocol for Ominto , Inc. name and certain words and phrases that Ominto , Inc. use in Ominto , Inc. business including , but not limited to , DubLi Worldwide Trading , Ominto , DubLi , Dubot and others .
In addition , MASTEC INC Oil and Gas results in the second quarter of 2016 included approximately $ 3 million of restructuring charges related to efforts to streamline MASTEC INC western Canadian oil and gas operations , which efforts were substantially completed in 2016 .
Mr. Siegel joined WALKER INNOVATION INC . in February 2014 , as Chief Administrative Officer , General Counsel and Secretary .
Wages and benefits increased $ 776,000 in the year ended December 31 , 2014 , as compared to the same period in 2013 as POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . have increased POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . staff to pursue growth opportunities .
However , if certain events occur prior to the end of such five year period , including if SELECTA BIOSCIENCES INC become a large accelerated filer , SELECTA BIOSCIENCES INC annual gross revenues exceed $ 1.0 billion or SELECTA BIOSCIENCES INC issue more than $ 1.0 billion of non convertible debt in any three year period , SELECTA BIOSCIENCES INC will cease to be an emerging growth company prior to the end of such five year period .
At December 31 , 2015 , the derivative liability was estimated to be $ 716,543 , an increase of $ 484,120 from $ 232,423 , the balance as of MPHASE TECHNOLOGIES INC last fiscal year end , creating a charge to expense of a like amount during the six months then ended .
If and when awarded , certain U.S. government contracts require APPIAN CORP employees to maintain various levels of security clearances , and APPIAN CORP would be required to maintain APPIAN CORP facility security clearance , to comply with Department of Defense , or DoD , requirements .
A summary of Intersect ENT , Inc. s stock option activity and related information is as follows ( in thousands , except price data ): As of December 31 , 2015 , the aggregate pre - tax intrinsic value of options outstanding was $ 31.5 million and options outstanding and exercisable was $ 25.2 million , the weighted average remaining contractual term of options outstanding were 8.1 years and options outstanding and exercisable were 7.4 years .
In connection with the annual report of Red Lion Hotels Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the period ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Gregory T. Mount , President and Chief Executive Officer of Red Lion Hotels CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and result of operations of Red Lion Hotels CORP .
For the three months ended September 30 , 2017 , Tobacco revenues were $ 294,245 compared to $ 274,164 for the three months ended September 30 , 2016 .
Mr. Sample became CEO , President , and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Acacia Diversified Holdings , Inc. in 2006 and resigned that position in favor of Richard K. Pertile on January 15 , 2016 in conjunction with Acacia Diversified Holdings , Inc. s acquisition of the assets and businesses of the MariJ Group of companies on that date .
The options vest ( i ) 25 % on each anniversary of the Murphy Effective Date , provided that Mr. Murphy remains employed by LIGHTING SCIENCE GROUP CORP as of such time , ( ii ) in full as of the business day immediately preceding a change of control of LIGHTING SCIENCE GROUP CORP , or ( iii ) in full upon the termination of Mr. Murphy s employment due to Mr. Murphy s retirement as determined by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion .
I , Scott E. Powell , President and Chief Executive Officer of Santander Holdings USA , Inc , certify that : .
SUN COMMUNITIES INC do not provide for withholding taxes on SUN COMMUNITIES INC undistributed earnings from SUN COMMUNITIES INC Canadian subsidiaries as they are reinvested and will continue to be reinvested indefinitely outside of the U.S. SUN COMMUNITIES
As a result , Carey Credit Income Fund 2018 T would be less able to achieve portfolio diversification and Carey Credit Income Fund 2018 T investment objectives , which may negatively impact Carey Credit Income Fund 2018 T results of operations and reduce Carey Credit Income Fund 2018 T ability to make distributions to Carey Credit Income Fund 2018 T shareholders .
Robert McKeracher Robert McKeracher Vice President and Chief Financial Officer SunOpta Inc.
As part of SJG 's September 2014 base rate increase , SJG is required to amortize approximately $ 1.1 million of this balance to depreciation expense each year .
The decrease in cash provided by operating activities from 2013 to 2014 was due to a decrease in net income as adjusted for noncash items and a decrease in working capital changes , primarily due to the $ 45.0 million payment to terminate the TRA with Rio Tinto in 2014 as compared to the annual payment of $ 23.5 million required under the TRA in 2013 .
Each of Robert D. Graham , VALHI INC /DE/ Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer , and Gregory M. Swalwell , VALHI INC /DE/ Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer , have evaluated the design and effectiveness of VALHI INC /DE/ disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31 , 2017 .
With the launch of Cytosorbents Corp CytoSorb product in the EU and abroad , there can be no assurance that Cytosorbents Corp will be able to successfully manage the balance of Cytosorbents Corp research and development operations with Cytosorbents Corp planned commercial enterprise .
Concerns about global growth that International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde described as too low , too fragile and facing increased risks to its durability , combined with doubts about policy makers competence and capabilities , generated strong demand for government securities for most of the quarter .
In June 2017 , Dova Pharmaceuticals , Inc. entered into a supply agreement with Eisai , pursuant to which Dova Pharmaceuticals , Inc. agreed to purchase finished drug product for avatrombopag from Eisai and Eisai agreed to supply finished drug product for avatrombopag to us .
Leonard Mazur , Executive Chairman and Secretary Mr. Mazur , 72 , has been a member of the Board since September 2014 .
As of March 31 , 2017 , the distributable assets of the GUC Trust available for distribution to holders of GUC Trust Units consisted of Distributable Cash of approximately $ 466.9 million ( including Dividend Cash ) , after deducting the amounts of Distributable Cash ( including Dividend Cash ) ( i ) set aside from distribution to fund additional projected liquidation and administrative costs of the GUC Trust ( as described below under the headings
On July 31 , 2013 , GFE entered into a Management Services Agreement with HLBE .
Following the transaction , Mr. Phipps was appointed Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company .
ENERGY FUELS INC hold the following non - material mineral properties : Other ISR Projects ENERGY FUELS INC Properties in the Powder River Basin , Wyoming : ENERGY FUELS INC properties in the Powder River Basin of Wyoming , but outside of the Nichols Ranch Project , include 19,801 acres consisting of property 100 % owned by ENERGY FUELS INC through its wholly owned subsidiary , Uranerz .
We conduct business globally and , as a result , one or more of Ominto , Inc. subsidiaries file income tax returns in U.S. federal and state , and foreign jurisdictions .
As such , within SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC consolidated balance sheet as of December 31 , 2014 , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC have decreased the amounts previously reported as other assets and notes payable , capital leases and commercial bank financing , less current portion by $ 41.8 million .
Of these 1,441 stores , Extra Space Storage Inc. owned 838 stores , Extra Space Storage Inc. held joint venture interests in 182 stores , and Extra Space Storage Inc. taxable REIT subsidiary , Extra Space Management , Inc , operated an additional 421 stores that are owned by third parties .
STERICYCLE INC were incorporated in 1989 and presently serve a diverse customer base of more than 1,000,000 customers throughout the U.S , Argentina .
Mr. Reithinger earned a B.S. in Accounting from the University of Arizona and is a Certified Public Accountant .
FINISAR CORP may not be able to offset any decline in revenues from FINISAR CORP existing major customers with revenues from new customers , and FINISAR CORP quarterly results may be volatile because FINISAR CORP are dependent on large orders from these customers that may be reduced , delayed , or cancelled .
The following tables set forth YuMe Inc results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 .
Mr. Chopra served as the interim chief executive officer and chief financial officer at TiVo , Inc , Pandora Media , Inc. that invented the digital video recorder , from January 2016 until TiVo was acquired by Rovi Corporation in September 2016 .
Greg Freitag , CFO , General Counsel , SVP Business Development .
AMES NATIONAL CORP was organized and incorporated on January 21 , 1975 under the laws of the State of Iowa to serve as a holding company for its principal banking subsidiary , First National Bank , Ames , Iowa ( " First National " ) located in Ames , Iowa .
Exhibit 99.5 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed February 16 , 2012 .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT are currently not aware of any specific threats to CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT facilities , operations or supplies ; however , it is possible that CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT would not be in a position to control the outcome of terrorist events should they occur .
On June 30 , 2016 , ORASURE TECHNOLOGIES INC mutually agreed to terminate ORASURE TECHNOLOGIES INC agreement with AbbVie effective December 31 , 2016 .
On May 5 , 2016 , Qufu Natural Green entered into an agreement with Shandong Jinglucheng Real Estate Development Co , Ltd , formerly known as Qufu Jinxuan Real Estate Development Co , Ltd , to sell the remaining ten units of the thirty apartment units in China to Mr. Linghe Zhu , an unaffiliated third party buyer , for a total purchase price of RMB5,024,000 ( approximately $ 776,507 ) .
From January 14 , 2015 through June 29 , 2015 , Mr. Rice served as vice president and a director of Horizon .
Cytosorbents Corp Chief Medical Officer , Dr. Robert Bartlett , works with us on a consulting basis .
Currently , American BriVision ( Holding ) Corp are a holding company operating through American BriVision ( Holding ) Corp wholly owned subsidiary , American BriVision Corporation ( BriVision ) , a Delaware corporation .
The following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting : ( i ) Ominto , Inc. condensed consolidated results of operations for the three months ended December 31 , 2015 compared to the three months ended December 31 , 2014 ; and ( ii ) financial liquidity and capital resources .
Mr. Ali received a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from the University of California at Berkeley in 1989 .
Prior to that , Mr. Yackira served in a variety of positions with NV Energy , including Chief Financial Officer , Chief Operating Officer and President .
Prof. Dr. Lutz Heinemann : CEO , Science Co , D sseldorf , Germany ; Prof. Irl B. Hirsch : University of Washington , School of Medicine , WA , USA ; Prof. Dr. Michael Heise : University of Applied Science of South - Westphalia , Iserlohn , Germany ; Prof. Jan Bolinder : Professor of Clinical Diabetes Research at the Department of Medicine , Huddinge , Sweden ; Prof. Katharine Barnard : Health Psychologist , Bournemouth University , Faculty of Health and Social Science , England ; Dr. Barry H. Ginsberg : Diabetes Consultant , DMTC , NJ , USA ; and Avner Gal , co - founder and former CEO of Integrity Applications , Inc. Integrity Applications , Inc. have not yet generated any material revenues from Integrity Applications , Inc. operations and , as of March 31 , 2017 , have incurred an accumulated deficit of $ 38,501,218 , stockholders deficit of $ 12,268,630 and negative operating cash flows .
On April 21 , 2014 , Vodka Brands Corp acquired the brand names Blue Diamond , Diamond Girl , White Crystal , and Blue Crystal from Mark T. Lucero and Trademark Holdings LLC , a Pennsylvania limited liability company , owned by Vodka Brands Corp Founder , Chief Executive Officer , President and Director , Mark T. Lucero in exchange for 10,010,000 common shares .
In addition , Charles J. Schreiber , Jr. ( the Company s Chief Executive Officer , one of KBS Real Estate Investment Trust , Inc. s directors and one of KBS Real Estate Investment Trust , Inc. s sponsors ) has served as a member of the board of directors and executive committee of The Irvine Company since August 2016 and since December 2016 , Mr. Schreiber has served on the board of trustees of The Irvine Company .
Before joining Sempra Energy in September 2013 , Ms. Wyrsch served as President of Vestas American Wind Systems from 2009 to 2012 .
On April 28 , 2011 , Gary Winemaster , Chief Executive Officer , and Thomas Somodi , who previously served as POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s Chief Strategy Officer and Chief Financial Officer entered into a purchase and sale agreement which was subsequently amended on October 31 , 2011 , whereby Mr. Winemaster agreed to purchase all of Mr. Somodi s shares of preferred and common stock in The W Group .
Know all persons by these presents , that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Dave Boennighausen or Paul Strasen , or any of them , as such person s true and lawful attorney - in - fact and agent , with full power of substitution and resubstitution , for such person and in such person s name , place and stead , in any and all capacities , to sign any and all amendments to this Report , and to file the same , with all exhibits thereto , and other documents in connection therewith , with the Securities and Exchange Commission , granting unto said attorney - in - fact and agent , and each of them , full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith , as fully to all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person , hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney - in - fact and agent , or any of them or their or such person s substitute or substitutes , may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof .
Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. insurance subsidiaries market and distribute automobile insurance products through a network of independent agents and other producers in the United States .
At September 30 , 2015 and December 31 , 2014 , Alliance and Altounian owned less than 1 % of Akyumen individually and collectively .
TOS revenues were $ 4.8 million and $ 4.0 million for the three months ended October 31 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively , an increase of $ 800,000 , or 21.8 % .
Supplemental Indenture relating to the 6 1/2 % Senior Secured Notes due 2019 of EH Holding Corporation ( currently known as Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation ) , dated as of June 8 , 2011 , by and among EH Holding Corporation , the guarantors listed on the signature page thereto , and Wells Fargo Bank , National Association , as collateral agent and trustee ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to EchoStar Corporation s Current Report on Form 8 - K , filed June 9 , 2011 , Commission File
Bankwell Financial Group , Inc. offers a broad range of financial services through its banking subsidiary , Bankwell Bank ( the Bank ) .
Mutual , LLC was formed in 2011 to hold other real estate owned .
University of Connecticut Agreement Connecticut Water and University of Connecticut ( UCONN ) negotiated a definitive agreement for Connecticut Water to provide a long - term supply of potable water for UCONN s Storrs campus facilities which was approved by the Board of Trustees at their December 11 , 2013 meeting and executed on December 18 , 2013 .
For example , for the year ended December 31 , 2009 , La Quinta Holdings Inc. revenues declined approximately $ 136 million , or 17 % , from revenues of $ 816 million for the year December 31 , 2008 , and
Mr. Ina was elected Vice President and General Manager of Research , Recruiting and Human Resource Development effective April 4 , 2016 , having previously been elected an officer effective March 4 , 2016 .
Taylor Morrison Home Corp quarterly operating results may fluctuate because of these factors .
Total second quarter 2017 GBS strategic imperatives revenue of $ 2.5 billion grew 8 percent as reported ( 11 percent adjusted for currency ) year to year .
On the other hand , certain destructive weather conditions that tend to occur during the second half of the year , such as the hurricanes that most often impact WASTE MANAGEMENT INC operations in the Southern and Eastern U.S , can actually increase WASTE MANAGEMENT INC revenues in the areas affected .
NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . believe the investigations into Aegerion s activities in Brazil have adversely affected named patient sales of lomitapide and metreleptin in that country .
Liquidity and Capital Resources As of December 31 , 2015 , China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $ 1.9 million and restricted cash of approximately $ 8.3 million , which was held by subsidiaries and VIEs outside the U.S in its entirety .
Upon the closing of the Bright House Transaction , Mr. Thomas Rutledge , CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS , INC . /MO/ s Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) , became the chairman of the board of Charter .
As of September 30 , 2017 , evaluations were performed under the supervision and with the participation of Entergy Corporation , Entergy Arkansas , Entergy Louisiana , Entergy Mississippi , Entergy New Orleans , Entergy Texas , and System Energy ( individually Registrant and collectively the Registrants ) management , including their respective Principal Executive Officers ( PEO ) and Principal Financial Officers ( PFO ) .
BNET is principally controlled by Gerald E. Sklar , Bnet Media Group , Inc. Chairman , CEO and Secretary and Anthony Sklar , one of Bnet Media Group , Inc. former officers and directors .
The pro rata portion of WL Ross Holding Corp. Trust Account distributed to WL Ross Holding Corp. public stockholders upon the redemption of WL Ross Holding Corp. public shares in the event WL Ross Holding Corp. do not complete an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of the completion of WL Ross Holding Corp. IPO ( June 11 , 2016 ) may be considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law .
Exhibit 31.2 I , Andre Godin , Principal Accounting Officer of IntelGenx Technologies Corp. ( the " registrant " ) , certify that : 1 .
On January 30 , 2017 , Seven Stars Cloud Group , Inc. entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement ( the Sun Video SPA ) with BT Capital Global Limited , a British Virgin Islands company ( BT ) and affiliate of Seven Stars Cloud Group , Inc. s Chairman Bruno Wu , for the purchase by Seven Stars Cloud Group , Inc. of all of the outstanding capital stock of Sun Video Group Hong Kong Limited .
EXTREME NETWORKS INC operates in three geographic theaters : Americas , which includes the United States , Canada , Mexico , Central America and South America ; EMEA , which includes Europe , Russia , Middle East and Africa ; and APAC which includes Asia Pacific , China , South Asia and Japan .
In the table above , OCULAR THERAPEUTIX , INC set forth OCULAR THERAPEUTIX , INC enforceable and legally binding obligations and future commitments at June 30 , 2017 , as well as obligations related to contracts that OCULAR THERAPEUTIX , INC are likely to continue , regardless of the fact that they may be cancelable at June 30 , 2017 .
During the six months ended June 30 , 2016 , three clients each accounted for 10 % or more of 2U , Inc. s revenue , as follows : $ 35.5 million , $ 16.9 million and $ 10.2 million , which equals 37 % , 17 % and 11 % of total revenue , respectively .
In August 2006 , SJCC and MMS entered into an agreement tolling the statute of limitations on any administrative action to recover unpaid royalties until BLM issued a final , non - appealable determination as to the proper rate for CHM - mined coal .
On December 31 , 2016 , Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd. entered into stock purchase agreements with each of the stockholders of BPI , acquiring 100 % of the issued and outstanding shares of BPI for aggregate purchase consideration of $ 595 .
In connection with the SSS Securities Purchase Agreement , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . will enter into a Content License Agreement ( the Content Agreement ) with SSS pursuant to which SSS shall grant YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
Exhibits for Entergy , Entergy Arkansas , Entergy Louisiana , Entergy Mississippi , Entergy New Orleans , Entergy Texas , and System Energy are listed in the Exhibit Index ( see page E-1 ) .
In addition to Triton Emission Solutions Inc , Mr. da Costa currently serves as the CFO , Treasurer and a director of Red Metal Resources Ltd , a company reporting under the Exchange Act and engaged in the business of acquiring and exploring mineral claims .
Also , Generation NEXT Franchise Brands , Inc. have used cash on hand to retire liabilities associated with the franchisee rescissions in California ( see Legal above ) and other franchisee refunds .
Gushen , Inc unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America , which contemplate Gushen , Inc continuation as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business .
Accordingly , changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar can affect Apptio Inc revenue and operating results due to transactional and translational remeasurement that is reflected in Apptio Inc earnings .
During the nine - month period ended September 30 , 2016 , excluding the impact of the lump - sum termination payment of $ 185.0 million for ENSCO DS-9 , revenues from ConocoPhillips represented 3 % of Ensco plc consolidated revenues .
Seasonality has caused , and is likely to continue to cause fluctuations in YuMe Inc quarterly results .
Effective September 30 , 2015 , GCP Applied Technologies Inc. are accounting for GCP Applied Technologies Inc. results at the SIMADI rate .
David H. Ratner joined SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC in January 2016 and serves as its President , Enterprise Solutions .
Critical Accounting Policies MITEK SYSTEMS INC discussion and analysis of MITEK SYSTEMS INC financial condition and results of operations are based on MITEK SYSTEMS INC consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.
HOME BANCSHARES INC may also redeem the Notes at any time , including prior to April 15 , 2022 , at its option , in whole but not in part , if : ( i ) a change or prospective change in law occurs that could prevent HOME BANCSHARES INC from deducting interest payable on the Notes for U.S. federal income tax purposes ; ( ii ) a subsequent event occurs that could preclude the Notes from being recognized as Tier 2 capital for regulatory capital purposes ; or ( iii ) HOME BANCSHARES INC is required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 , as amended ; in each case , at a redemption price equal to 100 % of the principal amount of the Notes plus any accrued and unpaid interest to but excluding the redemption date .
ASTIKA HOLDINGS INC . were incorporated under the laws of the State of Florida on January 13 , 2011 .
On November 12 , 2014 , Twenty - First Century Fox completed the sale of Sky Italia and its 57 % interest in Sky Deutschland to Sky plc ( Sky ) .
During the Employment Period , Executive shall serve as President of Company and Executive shall report to Ross Dove so long as Ross Dove is still employed or otherwise affiliated with the Company .
On June 30 , 2017 , NexPoint Residential Trust , Inc. and NexPoint Residential Trust , Inc. OP entered into a contribution agreement ( the Contribution Agreement ) with BH Equities , LLC and its affiliates ( collectively , BH Equity ) , whereby NexPoint Residential Trust , Inc. purchased 100 % of the joint venture interests in the Portfolio owned by BH Equity , representing approximately 8.4 % ownership in the Portfolio ( the BH Buyout ) , for total consideration of approximately $ 51.7 million ( the Purchase Amount ) .
2015 compared to 2014 Summary Results of Operations Puget Energy s net income increased by $ 69.3 million , which is primarily attributable to PSE 's net income increase of $ 67.6 million .
Marketable Equity Investments CERUS CORP held an investment in preferred shares of Aduro which it had historically accounted for under the cost method of accounting with a net carrying value of zero .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the quarterly report of Luna Innovations Incorporated ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , My E. Chung , President and Chief Executive Officer of LUNA INNOVATIONS INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to my knowledge : ( 1 )
However , GFE 's Master Loan Agreement with United FCS , PCA provides that Granite Falls Energy , LLC may not declare any distributions other than , for each fiscal year , one or more distributions up to an aggregate of 100 % of the net profit ( determined according to GAAP ) for such fiscal year ; provided that the Granite Falls Energy , LLC are and will remain in compliance with all of the covenants , terms and conditions of the Master Loan Agreement .
Ammonia supply agreement - On November 2 , 2015 , EDC and Koch Fertilizer , LLC ( Koch Fertilizer ) entered into an ammonia purchase and sale agreement under which Koch Fertilizer agrees to purchase , with minimum purchase requirements , the ammonia that ( a ) will be produced at the El Dorado Facility and ( b ) that is in excess of El Dorado s needs .
In order for us to market GUIDED THERAPEUTICS INC products in the United States , GUIDED THERAPEUTICS INC must obtain clearance or approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , or U.S. FDA .
Since 2006 , Mr. Massey has served as a director of FNF .
Hughes Satellite Systems Corp provide satellite services on a full - time and occasional - use basis primarily to DISH Network Corporation ( DISH Network ) , Dish Mexico , S. de R.L. de C.V. ( Dish Mexico ) , U.S. government service providers , internet service providers , broadcast news organizations , programmers and private enterprise customers .
Commitments and Contingencies Bank of the West On November 20 , 2015 , IXYS CORP /DE/ entered into an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks , whose agent is BOTW for a revolving line of credit of $ 125.0 million .
Anthony L. Otten , BS , MPP , joined Versar as Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) in February 2010 .
The purchasers in the private placement included : Dr. Barer , the chairman of InspireMD , Inc. board of directors , who purchased 847,458 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 423,729 shares of common stock , for a purchase price of $ 500,000 , Osiris Investment Partners , L.P , of which Mr. Stuka , InspireMD , Inc. director , is the principal and managing member , which purchased 127,119 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 63,560 shares of common stock , for a purchase price of $ 75,000 , Mr. Loughlin , InspireMD , Inc. director , who purchased 50,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 25,000 shares of common stock , for a purchase price of $ 29,500 and Dr. Rogers , InspireMD , Inc. director , who purchased 8,474 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 4,237 shares of common stock , for a purchase price of $ 5,000 .
Peter C. Georgiopoulos , former Chairman of the Board of GENCO SHIPPING & TRADING LTD , is Chairman of the Board of Aegean .
CoBank purchased a participation interest in the AgStar loan and was appointed the administrative agent for the purpose of servicing the loans .
Melina A. Platt , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer .
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , Thomas B. Pickens III , the Chief Executive Officer , and Eric Stober , the Chief Financial Officer , of Astrotech Corporation ( the Company ) , hereby certify , that , to their knowledge : .
Acquisitions Acquisition of Diversified Global Asset Management Corporation On February 3 , 2014 , the Partnership acquired 100 % of the equity interests in Diversified Global Asset Management Corporation ( DGAM ) , a Toronto , Canada - based alternative investment manager with $ 2.9 billion in fee - earning assets under management .
I , Larry J. Merlo , President and Chief Executive Officer of CVS Health Corporation , certify that : .
During the Employment Period , Company shall pay the reasonable costs of Executive s membership in the Sunset Hills Country Club located in Edwardsville , Illinois .
There were no significant changes in the underlying trends affecting PHI s operations during the Successor period of three months ended March 31 , 2017 except for the impact of increases in electric distribution and natural gas rates within revenue net of purchased power expense ( Pepco electric distribution rates effective November 2016 in Maryland , DPL electric distribution rates effective February 2017 in Maryland , DPL electric distribution and natural gas rates effective July 2016 and December 2016 in Delaware , and ACE electric distribution rates .
Mr. Warren was listed as a principal of the Managing Owner on November 21 , 2012 .
If these funds are needed for INTERLINK ELECTRONICS INC operations in the U.S , INTERLINK ELECTRONICS INC have several methods to repatriate without significant tax effects , including repayment of intercompany loans or distributions of previously taxed income .
Prior to joining IMPCO , Mr. Rasmussen was a commercial banker for twelve years , responsible for managing the bank 's investment portfolio and branch and corporate development .
VIE Structure and Arrangements To comply with PRC laws and regulation that prohibit or restrict foreign ownership of companies that provides value - added telecommunication services , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . provides its services through Sinotop Beijing and Sinotop Beijing s subsidiary , Zhong Hai Video , which holds the licenses and approvals to provide digital distribution and Internet content services in the PRC .
Carolyn M. Yu : General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer of USCF since May 2015 and February 2013 , respectively , and from August 2011 through April 2015 , Ms. Yu served as Assistant General Counsel .
Wenqing Yao , age 54 , has served as Executive Vice President , Head of Discovery Chemistry since October 2014 .
customers businesses , or the coal transportation and logistics industry , sales of CPE Inc. s common stock by CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . stockholders or by us , a downgrade or cessation in coverage from one or more of CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC .
The bank regulatory framework is intended primarily to protect depositors , the Deposit Insurance Fund of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , the safety and soundness of depository institutions and the financial system as a whole , rather than Essent Group Ltd. shareholders .
Ms. Irons serves as the Chief Financial Officer for Metalex Ventures Ltd , Cantex Mine Development Corp. and Northern Uranium Corp , all companies listed on the TSX Venture Exchange ; she also sits on the Board of Directors and Audit Committee for Northern Uranium Corp.
Gerard H. Sweeney , President and Chief Executive Officer . ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
As of April 21 , 2017 , Robert Wagner was appointed as the sole member of ONELIFE TECHNOLOGIES CORP s Board of Directors and as ONELIFE TECHNOLOGIES CORP s President , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer , and Secretary .
This section includes a discussion of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC results of operations for the three years ended December 31 , 2015 .
On October 20 , 2009 , ROIC s stockholders and warrantholders approved the proposals presented at the special meetings of stockholders and warrantholders , respectively , in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Framework Agreement ( the Framework Agreement ) ROIC entered into on August 7 , 2009 with NRDC Capital Management , LLC ( NRDC ) , which , among other things , set forth the steps to be taken by ROIC to continue its business as a corporation that has elected to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes .
On May 29 , 2015 , Matson completed its acquisition of Horizon whereby MatNav acquired Horizon s Alaska operations and assumed all of Horizon s non - Hawaii assets and liabilities ( the Horizon Acquisition ) .
Mr. Saltz has served since October 2012 as Chairman of the Board of Quest Resource Holding Corporation , or Quest , a provider of management programs to reuse , recycle , and dispose of a wide variety of waste streams and recyclables and whose stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market .
Thus , small declines in revenues could seriously negatively affect IXYS CORP /DE/ operating results in any given quarter .
All items included in the loss and expense ratios are presented in 1347 Property Insurance Holdings , Inc. s U.S. GAAP financial statements .
We have eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp CTO , Curtis Hollister and 3 program developers and 1 content manager that support of the PHZIO system and all four team members are located in Ottawa Canada .
In the year ended December 31 , 2015 , Net Element , Inc. used two functional currencies - the Ukraine hryvnia and the Russian ruble - in addition to the U.S. dollar , and derived more than 32 % of Net Element , Inc. total net revenues from operations outside the United States in Russia and CIS .
In lieu of fractional shares of GCP , Grace stockholders received cash , which generally will be subject to income tax .
Equity Holdings Limited and its subsidiary , GE Professionals DMCC , are Dubai based firms that provide consulting services , such as corporate restructuring , management recruitment and development for corporate marketing , investor and public relations , regulatory compliance and introductions to financiers , to companies desiring to be listed on stock exchanges in various parts of the world .
Chief Scientific Officer , Dr. Alkon , at the Blanchette Rockefeller Neurosciences Institute , or BRNI ( now known CRE ) found that PKC&epsilon ; activation in neurons targets the loss of synapses in the brains of animals with AD , and can delay or temporarily arrest other elements of the disease , i.e. the elevation of the toxic A peptide , the loss of neurons , the appearance of plaques and tangles , and the loss of cognitive function .
ActiveCare , Inc. ( " we , " " us , " " our , " the " Company " or " ActiveCare " ) was formed March 5 , 1998 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Track Group [ OTCQX : TRCK ] , a Utah corporation , formerly known as Track Group , Inc. ( " Track Group " ) .
Net cash used in XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP operating activities was $ 4,914,000 for the nine months ended December 31 , 2015 , as compared to $ 1,611,000 of net cash used in operating activities for the nine months ended December 31 , 2014 , an increase of $ 3,303,000 .
It is currently unclear whether any such proposals will be enacted into law and , if so , what form such laws might possibly take or impact they may have ; however , the passage of such legislation or any other similar change in U.S. federal income tax law could eliminate , reduce or postpone certain tax deductions that are currently available to us or otherwise increase DENBURY RESOURCES INC taxes , and any such legislation or change could negatively affect the after - tax returns generated on DENBURY RESOURCES INC oil and gas investments and DENBURY RESOURCES INC financial condition and results of operations .
Board Structure and Risk Oversight Mr. Steinberg serves as the Chairman of the Board and Mr. Littlefield serves as Fidelity & Guaranty Life Chief Executive Officer .
Mr. Lee previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer from April 2014 , when he joined Fannie Mae , to January 2016 .
You should read this in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31 , 2016 included in REX ENERGY CORP Annual Report on Form 10 - K and the unaudited financial statements included elsewhere herein .
Jiasheng Consulting has Variable Interest Entity ( VIE ) agreements with Mr. Liu Zhengxin , China Modern Agricultural Information , Inc. s Chief HR Officer , and Mr. Wang Youliang , China Modern Agricultural Information , Inc. s Chief Executive Officer , as well as with Heilongjiang Zhongxian Information Co , Ltd.
Ruben Azrak is a founder of Excel Corp and has been a director since Excel Corp incorporation in November 2010 .
Although shares of Cytosorbents Corp common stock currently trade on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol CTSO , there is no assurance that Cytosorbents Corp stock will not continue to be volatile while listed on NASDAQ in the future .
Mr. Nutt has served as the Senior Vice President and Controller of Vistra Energy Corp. since October 2016 .
ViewRay , Inc. success depends on the skills , experience and performance of ViewRay , Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer , Chris A. Raanes , and ViewRay , Inc. Chief Scientific Officer and founder , James F. Dempsey , Ph.D. The individual and collective efforts of these employees will be important as ViewRay , Inc. continue to develop MRIdian and as ViewRay , Inc. expand ViewRay , Inc. commercial activities .
Chen Junyan , the President , and Chief Executive Officer , Principal Executive , Financial and Accounting Officer of Asia Properties , Inc , certify that ; .
Within the global interest rate sector , losses were recorded during December from long positions in European fixed income futures after prices reversed sharply lower as European Central Bank ( ECB ) president Mario Draghi disappointed markets early in the month with an underwhelming ECB stimulus announcement .
The accompanying consolidated financial statements consolidate the operating results and financial position of GFE , and its approximately 50.6 % owned subsidiary , HLBE ( through GFE 's 100 % ownership of Project Viking , LLC ) .
The term of the agreement is three years provided that Mr. Traversa s employment with RELMADA THERAPEUTICS , INC . will be on an at will basis , meaning that either Mr. Traversa or RELMADA THERAPEUTICS , INC . may terminate your employment at any time for any reason or no reason , without further obligation or liability , except as provided in the Employment Agreement .
Kathryn M. JohnBull . Chief Financial Officer .
Effective December 28 , 2015 , the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Aircraft Inspection fee increased from $ 70.75 to $ 225 per international aircraft arriving in the U.S. State and Local - JETBLUE AIRWAYS CORP are subject to state and local laws and regulations in a number of states in which JETBLUE AIRWAYS CORP operate and the regulations of various local authorities operating the airports JETBLUE AIRWAYS CORP serve .
On February 23 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with JSJ Investments Inc , pursuant to which JSJ Investments provided Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company with an aggregate investment of $ 100,000 in consideration of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc.
Since 2003 , Standard Poor s Ratings Services ( S P ) has rated CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT outstanding debt and has given credit ratings to us and CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT subsidiary The Connecticut Water Company .
Canna - Life Corporation ( Canna - Life ) was incorporated in the State of Colorado on January 29 , 2014 .
At September 30 , 2017 , the carrying amount of LINN ENERGY , INC . s investment in Roan of approximately $ 454 million was less than LINN ENERGY , INC . s ownership interest in Roan s underlying net assets by approximately $ 344 million .
From 1974 to 2002 , Paul held various positions at Intel , including Executive Vice President and General Manager , Intel Architecture Group , and Executive Vice President and General Manager , Sales and Marketing Group .
She was written into the congressional record with remarks in recognition of her outstanding leadership by congresswoman Carolyn Maloney in 2004 and 2007 , she received letters of recognition and outstanding citizen citations from President Bill Clinton , Governor George Pataki , Mayors Michael Bloomberg and Rudolf Giuliani , and she received letters of recognition from then senator Hillary Rodham Clinton and Charles E. Schumer .
For the 2017 three - month period , these estimates increased or decreased GRAY TELEVISION INC statutory Federal income tax rate of 35.0 % to GRAY TELEVISION INC effective income tax rate of 41.1 % as follows : state income taxes added 4.4 % , permanent differences between GRAY TELEVISION INC U.S. GAAP income and taxable income added 1.9 % , and a discrete adjustment resulted in a reduction of 0.2 % .
Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Perficient , Inc , previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as an Exhibit to PERFICIENT INC Form 8 - A ( File No . 000 - 51167 ) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 12(g ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on February 15 , 2005 and incorporated herein by reference .
Wowio , Inc. revenues for the three months ended September 30 , 2014 were from a $ 50,000 quarterly advertising campaign attributable to an insertion order for display advertising across all Wowio , Inc. s sites with Akyumen Technologies to advertise Akyumen s proprietary mobile hardware devices .
Under such definition , Messrs. Schiller and LoPriore , Pinkbrick Holdings Inc. directors , would not be considered independent as they serve as officers of the Company .
Exhibit 24.55 THESE PRESENTS that I , Kenneth J. Parker , do hereby appoint David M. Velazquez and Wendy E. Stark , or either of them , attorney for me and in my name and on my behalf to sign the annual Securities and Exchange Commission report on Form 10 - K for 2016 of Potomac Electric Power Company , together with any amendments thereto , to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission , and generally to do and perform all things necessary to be done in the premises as fully and effectually in all respects as I could do if personally present .
In 2010 and 2011 ENCORE CAPITAL GROUP INC entered into an aggregate of $ 75.0 million of senior secured notes with certain affiliates of Prudential Capital Group and in August 2017 , ENCORE CAPITAL GROUP INC entered into an additional $ 325.0 million in senior secured notes with a group of insurance companies ( the Senior Secured Notes ) .
Gros s profit increased $ 9.0 million , or 22.6 % , to $ 48.6 million in the thr ee months ended April 30 , 2017 compared to $ 39.7 million in t he three months ended May 1 , 2016 .
PGE has also incorporated its December 2016 load forecast update , which reduced its capacity need by 71 MW .
Mr. Gandy has served on TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC board since 2007 and is a certified public accountant .
Net cash provided by Dominion s financing activities was $ 559 million in 2017 , as compared to net cash used in financing activities of $ 56 million in 2016 , primarily due to higher net debt issuances , partially offset by the absence of the proceeds from the sale of interest in merchant solar projects in the first quarter of 2016 , and lower contributions to Four Brothers and Three Cedars from NRG in 2017 compared to contributions from SunEdison in 2016 .
In June 2015 , Immune Design Corp. entered into a clinical supply agreement with NanoPass for the use of their intradermal delivery device in certain of Immune Design Corp. clinical trials .
Management believes DNA Testing Centers Corp current cash balance may not be sufficient to fund DNA Testing Centers Corp operating activities over the next 12 months .
There is the possibility that either the State of Connecticut or the State of Maine could attempt to revoke CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT franchises and allow a governmental entity to take over some or all of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT systems .
The Participant further agrees to comply with any other requirements that may be imposed by ESTEE LAUDER COMPANIES INC or its subsidiaries in China in the future in order to facilitate compliance with exchange control requirements in China .
From September 2013 to May 2014 , Mr. Egan served as a Vice President of Morgan Stanley Strategies LLC , formerly known as Morgan Stanley GWM Feeder Strategies LLC , which acts as a general partner to multiple alternative investment entities , and Morgan Stanley AI GP LLC , formerly known as Morgan Stanley HedgePremier GP LLC , which acts as a general partner and administrative agent to numerous hedge fund feeder funds .
In July 2014 , IMH Financial Corp entered into a consulting services agreement ( the Consulting Agreement ) with JCP Realty Advisors , LLC ( JCP ) , an affiliate of Juniper Capital Partners , LLC ( Juniper Capital ) and one of the Series B Investors , pursuant to which JCP agreed to perform various services for IMH Financial Corp , including , but not limited to , ( a ) advising IMH Financial Corp with respect to identifying , structuring , and analyzing investment opportunities , and ( b ) assisting IMH Financial Corp in managing and liquidating assets , including non - performing assets .
Kinzel , Donna J. Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , PHI , Pepco , DPL and ACE .
Prior to joining Adobe , Mr. Dillon served as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Silver Spring Networks , a networking solutions provider , from November 2010 to August 2012 .
Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement , LEGACY VENTURES INTERNATIONAL INC . agreed to exchange the outstanding equity stock of Nexalin held by the Nexalin Shareholders for units ( the Units ) consisting of an aggregate of approximately 25,000,000 newly issued shares of the Common Stock , $ 0.001 par value , of LEGACY VENTURES INTERNATIONAL INC . and warrants ( the Warrants ) to purchase an aggregate of approximately 25,000,000 newly issued shares of the Common Stock , $ 0.001 par value , of the Company .
Thomas E. Emmons is the Senior Vice President Corporate Services of LinnCo and LINN Energy and has served in such capacity since January 2014 .
I , Friedhelm Blobel , Chief Executive Officer and President , of SciClone Pharmaceuticals , Inc. ( the Registrant ) , do hereby certify in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , based on my knowledge : .
POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . are subject to various types of taxes in the U.S , as well as foreign jurisdictions into which POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . supply POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . products .
COHERENT INC discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon COHERENT INC condensed consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC .
Effective as of the closing of the Mergers , the Combined Company s executive officers are expected to include Frederick C. Tuomi as Chief Executive Officer , Ernest M. Freedman as Chief Financial Officer , Charles D. Young as Chief Operating Officer , Dallas B. Tanner as Chief Investment Officer , Arik Prawer as Chief Integration Officer and Mark A. Solls as Chief Legal Officer .
In summary , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT can not be assured that CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT costs of complying with , or discharging liabilities under , current and future environmental and health and safety laws will not adversely affect CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT business , results of operations or financial condition .
Prior to joining Mosaic , Mr. Precourt joined cement and mineral component producer Holcim ( U.S. ) to lead its safety transformation , later becoming Holcim 's Vice President of Environment and Government Affairs .
A significant portion of SMART Global Holdings , Inc. operations is outside of the United States .
CHIMERIX INC do not believe that inflation has had a material effect on CHIMERIX INC results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2015 or 2014 .
Peoria County is home to Caterpillar Inc. operations , a Fortune 100 company , and Bradley University , in addition to a large healthcare presence serving much of the western portion of downstate Illinois .
This authorizes us to market RAVICTI in all 28 Member States of the European Union , or EU , and will form the basis for recognition by the Member States of the European Economic Area , or EEA , namely Norway , Iceland and Liechtenstein , for the medicine to be placed on the market .
Mr. Reich has served in numerous financial leadership positions , including roles with McLeodUSA , Inc , Wisconsin Central Transportation and Deloitte and Touche .
The assumed weighted average discount rate as of December 31 , 2015 , for the United Kingdom ( 3.00 % ) was selected , in consultation with Grace 's independent actuaries , based on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of sterling - denominated high quality bonds for which the timing and amount of cash outflows approximate the estimated payouts of the plan .
On June 19 , 2017 , A&C United Agriculture Developing Inc. 's prior majority shareholders , Yidan ( Andy ) Liu and Jun ( Charlie ) Huang , transferred 22,640,000 of their common stock , representing about 60 % of the total outstanding common shares of A&C United Agriculture Developing Inc , to Mr. Chin Kha Foo , the current President and director of the Company .
BAR HARBOR BANKSHARES 's OREO activity for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 are presented below : .
Early in his career he became the assistant portfolio manager for three Fidelity Funds , including the Select Healthcare Fund which was recognized as the top performing fund in the United States for the five - year period ending December 31 , 1985 .
As a result of recent market conditions , primarily related to changes in the subsidy program for Chinese hybrid buses , MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC revenue and profits have declined since 2015 levels and MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC have generally not met MAXWELL TECHNOLOGIES INC targeted financial results .
On December 17 , 2014 , Cytosorbents Corp common stock was approved for trading on The NASDAQ Capital Market ( NASDAQ ) .
Costs associated with Neff Corp rental revenues decreased 1.3 % to $ 80.0 million for the year ended December 31 , 2015 from $ 81.0 million for the year ended December 31 , 2014 .
On August 2 , 2017 , CHINA AUTOMOTIVE SYSTEMS INC issued a press release announcing the appointment by the special committee ( the Special Committee ) of CHINA AUTOMOTIVE SYSTEMS INC s board of directors ( the Board ) of Houlihan Lokey Capital , Inc. as its financial advisor and Kirkland Ellis as its U.S. legal counsel in connection with its review and evaluation of the previously announced preliminary non - binding proposal letter that the Board received on May 14 , 2017 from Mr. Hanlin Chen , the Chairman of the Board of CHINA AUTOMOTIVE SYSTEMS INC , relating to a possible going private transaction , as well as in connection with its review and evaluation of any other sale , merger , business combination or other corporate transaction , with Mr. Chen or any other party , and any other strategic alternatives .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of NetSol Technologies , Inc. on Form 10 - Q for the period ending December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , the undersigned , Najeeb Ghauri , Chief Executive Officer of NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC , certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to ss .
Mr. Evans currently serves on the Boards of The Florida Taxwatch Research Institute , Tallahassee Memorial Hospital , Ghost Controls , Inc , Vineyard Capital , Municipal Code Corporation , FSU - Jim Moran Institute for Global Entrepreneurialism , Applied Fiber Holdings , Inc , The United Way of the Big Bend , and The State of Florida Technology Advisory Board , as well as serving as an Advisor for Elder Care Services and the FSU Marine Research Lab .
Verigy Ltd. was acquired by Advantest Corporation in July 2011 and Mr. Titinger continued to serve in a transitional role following the acquisition until October 2011 as President and Chief Executive Officer of Verigy Ltd , then a subsidiary of Advantest Corporation .
In connection with the entry into this new lease agreement , ABIOMED INC terminated the previously existing lease for the facility dated February 24 , 2014 , as amended by the First Amendment to Lease dated April 30 , 2015 and the Second Amendment to Lease effective January 1 , 2016 .
Donal L. Mulligan Donal L. Mulligan Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
Blackstone Group L.P. depend on the efforts , skill , reputations and business contacts of Blackstone Group L.P. founder , Stephen A. Schwarzman , and other key senior managing directors , the information and deal flow they generate during the normal course of their activities and the synergies among the diverse fields of expertise and knowledge held by Blackstone Group L.P. professionals .
Each component of the compensation of PANERA BREAD CO Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , Mr. Shaich , PANERA BREAD CO Executive Vice Chairman , Mr. Moreton , and PANERA BREAD CO President , Mr. Hurst , is established by PANERA BREAD CO Board upon the recommendation of PANERA BREAD CO Compensation Committee , with third party advisory support as determined appropriate by PANERA BREAD CO Compensation Committee .
We are a successor to the market making business founded by Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , Mr. Thomas Peterffy , on the floor of the American Stock Exchange in 1977 .
The other Investors are members of REGENERX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS INC Board of Directors including Mr. Finkelstein who serves as REGENERX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS INC CEO and also the Chairman of REGENERX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS INC Board of Directors Dr. Goldstein who also serves as REGENERX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS INC Chief Scientific Officer .
Ms. Cameron , REYNOLDS AMERICAN INC CEO during 2016 , with assistance from REYNOLDS AMERICAN INC Chief Human Resources Officer , and in consultation with Meridian , developed compensation recommendations for the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee s consideration in 2016 , including : .
As of 2017 , ANDEAVOR Marketing segment continues to expand at a steady rate and Andeavor Logistics LP ( Andeavor Logistics ) has grown significantly resulting in each having a larger and more balanced contribution to ANDEAVOR operating results .
At October 6 , 2017 , Walter C. Zable , CUBIC CORP /DE/ Chairman of the Board of Directors , and Karen F. Cox , Mr. Zable s sister , beneficially owned an aggregate of 3,005,776 shares , or approximately 11.1 % , of CUBIC CORP /DE/ outstanding common stock .
For Enstar Group LTD U.S. subsidiaries , Enstar Group LTD have not currently accrued any withholding taxes with respect to un - remitted earnings as management has no current intention of remitting these earnings .
In connection with the Annual Report of Alamo Group Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the period ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Richard J. Wehrle , Vice President Corporate Controller of ALAMO GROUP INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
In furtherance of the foregoing , EDNLP , as security for the payment and performance in full of the Secured Obligations , does hereby create and grant to the Collateral Agent , its successors and assigns , for the benefit of the Secured Parties , their successors and assigns , a security interest in all of the EDNLP s right , title and interest in and to the Collateral of EDNLP ; provided however , that the Nitric Acid Supply , Operating and Maintenance Agreement ( the Bayer Agreement ) by and among EDNLP , El Dorado Chemical Company ( as guarantor ) and Bayer MaterialScience , LLC , dated effective October 23 , 2008 , as amended and as may be substituted therefor , and all proceeds thereof shall not be included as Collateral , and EDNLP grants no security interest in the Bayer Agreement , any interests therein , or any of the proceeds or products .
IMMUNOMEDICS INC has agreed to pay the arbitrator in full for such arbitration , as well as reasonable attorneys fees and expenses incurred by Dr. Goldenberg and Ms Sullivan in connection with any such arbitration , up to a maximum amount of $ 650,000 combined .
Mr. Davidovits was the Vice President of Business Development of ONLINE DISRUPTIVE TECHNOLOGIES , INC . company since April 5 , 2012 .
QuantumSphere , Inc , ( the Company or QuantumSphere ) was organized under the laws of the State of Nevada on December 1 , 2005 .
As additional compensation , in the event Orbital Tracking Corp , during or within two ( 2 ) years after the term of this Agreement , receives investment monies ( debt , equity or a combination thereof ) from investor(s ) introduced to Orbital Tracking Corp. by IRTH as described herein , Company agrees to pay IRTH a finder 's fee equal to three percent ( 3 % ) of all gross monies invested by investor(s ) and received by Company .
The following table summarizes Prism Technologies Group , Inc. s stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 : .
Ms. Lambrecht has served on the board of directors of First Community since 2006 .
REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP provides for U.S. federal income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on foreign subsidiaries ' cumulative undistributed earnings when it is not REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's intent to indefinitely reinvest such earnings overseas .
Nature of business and summary of significant accounting policies : Organization BioDelivery Sciences International , Inc. and subsidiaries ( the Company ) was incorporated in the State of Indiana on January 6 , 1997 and reincorporated as a Delaware corporation in 2002 .
Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Description of Business Palo Alto Networks , Inc. ( the Company , Palo Alto Networks Inc , us , or our ) , located in Santa Clara , California , was incorporated in March 2005 under the laws of the State of Delaware and commenced operations in April 2005 .
Any eventual payments made with respect to the FTC Action may not be deductible for tax purposes , which had a negative impact on DISH Network CORP effective tax rate for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 .
The preparation of HALCON RESOURCES CORP 's unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires HALCON RESOURCES CORP 's management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities , if any , at the date of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the respective reporting periods .
Between 1882 and 1953 , UGI Utilities owned the stock of subsidiary gas companies in Pennsylvania and elsewhere and also operated the businesses of some gas companies under agreement .
JOHN W. CHISHOLM John W. Chisholm President , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board .
As part of the global restructuring of KMG CHEMICALS INC electronic chemicals operations , KMG CHEMICALS INC have closed KMG CHEMICALS INC Fremont , California manufacturing site acquired in KMG CHEMICALS INC acquisition of the ultra pure chemicals ( UPC ) business subsidiaries of OM Group , Inc. and production has been shifted primarily to KMG CHEMICALS INC Hollister , California and Pueblo , Colorado facilities .
Prior to DirectWeb , Mr. Cline was a senior executive at Network Associates , a provider of computer security solutions .
CLOUDCOMMERCE , INC . discussion and analysis of CLOUDCOMMERCE , INC . financial condition and results of operations , including the discussion on liquidity and capital resources , are based upon CLOUDCOMMERCE , INC . financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
As a result of Dimension Therapeutics , Inc. activities under the 2013 license agreement , the milestones payable will not exceed $ 1.65 million , not including any applicable 10 % sublicensing fees REGENX may owe the University of Pennsylvania or GSK and for which Dimension Therapeutics , Inc. would be responsible to REGENX , and are payable contingent not only on us achieving the milestone , but also on us achieving the milestone before all other licensees .
All activity through June 30 , 2017 relates to BARINGTON / HILCO ACQUISITION CORP . s formation , its initial public offering , which is described below , identifying a target company for a Business Combination and activities in connection with the proposed acquisition of Oomba , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( Oomba ) , as described in Note 9 .
Increase of $ 26 million at DPL primarily related to electric distribution revenue increases totaling $ 7 million due to higher weather - related sales and customer growth , $ 17 million in required regulatory programs primarily due to EmPower Maryland rate increases effective February 2015 and 2014 , and $ 7 million higher transmission revenue due to higher rates effective June 1 , 2015 and June 1 , 2014 , partially offset by lower natural gas distribution revenues totaling $ 5 million due to milder weather .
In 2013 , CYTOKINETICS INC formed a collaboration with Astellas with the primary objective of advancing novel therapies for diseases and medical conditions associated with muscle impairment and weakness .
DKG Capital , Inc. ( we , DKG Capital Inc , the Company ) , located in Las Vegas , Nevada , was incorporated on October 2 , 2013 , in the State of Nevada .
Since July 2000 , Mr. Plafker has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Member Brokerage Service LLC , a credit union service organization owned by Melrose Credit Union , and also serves as director of business services for the credit union .
Most recently , Mr. Fischer served as Company Group Chairman , Johnson Johnson , and Worldwide Franchise Chairman , Cordis Corporation , from 2008 to 2012 , which included responsibility for Cordis and Biosense Webster , and as Company Group Chairman , North America Pharmaceuticals from 2004 to 2007 , which included responsibility for Ortho - McNeil Pharmaceuticals , Janssen and Scios .
As one of Rich Uncles Real Estate Investment Trust I executive officers and a principal of Rich Uncles Real Estate Investment Trust I advisor , Mr. Wirta is also able to direct Rich Uncles Real Estate Investment Trust I Board of Trust Managers to the critical issues facing Rich Uncles Real Estate Investment Trust I Company .
Ramzi Hermiz Ramzi Hermiz President and Chief Executive Officer .
The Schedule 13 G states that members of the Johnson family , including Abigail , through their ownership of FMR LLC voting common stock and the execution of a shareholders voting agreement , may be deemed a controlling group with respect to FMR LLC .
Net sales in the U.S. decreased in the Professional segment primarily due to lower net sales of CND nail products .
JOBS Act As an emerging growth company , Jumpstart MongoDB , Inc. Business Startups Act of 2012 ( the JOBS Act ) , allows us to delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies .
Energy Swaps and Energy Products Based on the outcome of IPA administered procurement events , Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois have entered into energy product agreements by which Ameren Missouri agreed to sell , and Ameren Illinois agreed to purchase , a set amount of megawatthours at a predetermined price over a specified period of time .
I , Arne M. Sorenson , President and Chief Executive Officer of Marriott International , Inc. ( the Company ) certify that : ( 2 ) the information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of MARRIOTT INTERNATIONAL INC /MD/. 8 th day of November , 2017 /s/
In the United States , PROLUNG INC activities are potentially subject to regulation by various federal , state and local authorities in addition to the FDA , including the CMS , other divisions of the United States Department of Health and Human Services ( e.g , the Office of Inspector General ) , the United States Department of Justice and individual United States Attorney offices within the Department of Justice , and state and local governments .
In 2013 , T - Mobile acquired MetroPCS and Sprint acquired the remaining interest in Clearwire , and in 2014 AT T acquired Leap Wireless .
In February 2015 , the FDA notified Jazz Pharmaceuticals , Inc , Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc wholly owned subsidiary , of the FDA s approval of the current Xyrem REMS , which includes provisions requiring distribution through a single pharmacy .
Mr. Stevens served as the Chief Executive Officer and President for approximately one month after the resignation of Mr. Howard .
Waterworks results include non - cash amortization of $ 0.5 million and $ 3.4 million related to the inventory fair value adjustment recorded in connection with RH acquisition of Waterworks during the three months ended July 29 , 2017 and July 30 , 2016 , respectively .
During the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , Public Storage received cash distributions from Public Storage investments in the Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities totaling $ 13.3 million and $ 11.8 million , respectively .
Prior to joining Norton Rose Canada , Mr. Mulroney was the eighteenth Prime Minister of Canada from 1984 to 1993 and leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Canada from 1983 to 1993 .
In April 2017 , Piedmont transferred its ownership interests in ACP and Constitution to a wholly owned subsidiary of Duke Energy at book value .
Credit market volatility may affect CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT ability to refinance CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT existing debt , borrow funds under CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT existing lines of credit or incur additional debt .
I , Andrew S. Marsh , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Entergy Louisiana , LLC ( the " Company " ) , certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
On May 26 , 2015 , DATASEA INC . s founder , Xingzhong Sun , sold 20,000,000 shares of common stock , par value $ 0.001 per share , of the Company ( the Common Stock ) to Zhixin Liu , one of the owners of Shuhai Skill ( HK ) as defined below .
Prior to her promotion to Vice President , Ms. Garnick worked at Glenborough Corporation as an Accounting Manager from October 1989 until August 1992 .
Piotr Sibov , Kaskad Corp. sole officer and director may be considered a control person or a promoter of Kaskad Corp. as the Securities Act of 1933 defines those terms , as amended .
Also on March 3 , 2016 and effective January 1 , 2016 , Orbital Tracking Corp. s wholly owned subsidiary Orbital Satcom Corp. and Mr. Phipps , terminated an employment agreement between them dated February 19 , 2015 pursuant to which Mr. Phipps was employed as President of Orbital Satcom for an annual base salary of $ 180,000 .
VERTICAL COMPUTER SYSTEMS INC 100 % owned subsidiary , Vertical do Brasil , a Brasilian company , houses a software development team that performs services on behalf of VERTICAL COMPUTER SYSTEMS INC and its subsidiaries .
For further information regarding REGENXBIO Inc. GSK sublicense , please see Platform License Agreements and Other Licenses Platform Licenses GlaxoSmithKline LLC located elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10 - K. REGENXBIO Inc. license agreement with Penn provides that should the rights Penn licensed to GSK ever revert to Penn , such rights shall automatically be included in REGENXBIO Inc. license agreement with Penn .
MARCUS CORP estimate that the total impairment charges from both divisions , together with the legal costs that MARCUS CORP incurred in fiscal 2013 in connection with the lawsuits concerning MARCUS CORP Las Vegas property , negatively impacted MARCUS CORP net earnings per share during fiscal 2013 by approximately $ 0.10 per share .
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in MUFG Americas Holdings Corp 2016 Form 10 - K. Valuation Processes MUFG Americas Holdings Corp has established a valuation committee to oversee its valuation framework for measuring fair value and to establish valuation policies and procedures .
In connection with the ongoing examination of the rules as directed by President Trump in February 2017 , the DOL has issued a request for information seeking public comment on the rules and a possible delay of the January 1 , 2018 applicability date .
The amounts shown assume each executive is 100 % vested in his pension benefits ; however , Mr. Chi is 40 % vested and Mr. Mackey is 0 % vested .
If REGENXBIO Inc. obtain the approval of the FDA , the European Commission or other regulatory authorities for any of REGENXBIO Inc. product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the U.S. or outside the U.S , REGENXBIO Inc. operations will be directly , or indirectly through REGENXBIO Inc. prescribers , customers and purchasers , subject to various federal , state and foreign fraud and abuse laws and regulations , including , without limitation , the federal Health Care Program Anti - Kickback Statute , the federal civil and criminal False Claims Act and Physician Payments Sunshine Act and regulations .
Carrols Restaurant Group is led by CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . Chief Executive Officer and President , Daniel T. Accordino , who has over 40 years of Burger King and quick - service restaurant experience at CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . company .
In fiscal 2016 , Other Expense primarily consisted of losses on foreign currency translations of $ 1,338,000 , the result of all foreign currencies in which NEOGEN CORP operate devaluing against the U.S. dollar .
If Guidewire Software , Inc. are unsuccessful in adapting Guidewire Software , Inc. business to the requirements of the new revenue standard , then Guidewire Software , Inc. may experience greater volatility in Guidewire Software , Inc. quarterly and annual results , which may cause Guidewire Software , Inc. stock price to decline .
As an analyst , Mr. Stuka followed a wide array of industries including healthcare , energy , transportation , and lodging and gaming .
The overall increase in EMEA revenue was slightly offset by declines due to strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against the Euro , British Pound and other EMEA currencies in fiscal 2015 .
Cash and cash equivalents held by Ingersoll - Rand plc non - U.S. subsidiaries are either generally available for use in Ingersoll - Rand plc U.S. operations via intercompany loans or equity infusions or Ingersoll - Rand plc intend to permanently reinvest them in Ingersoll - Rand plc non - U.S. operations .
PRESTIGE CAPITAL CORP 's financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America , which contemplate continuation of PRESTIGE CAPITAL CORP as a going concern .
The following analysis presents the effect on Atlas Growth Partners , L.P. results of operations as if the hypothetical changes in market risk factors occurred on September 30 , 2017 .
James A. Valentine , Chief Information Officer of SANFILIPPO JOHN B & SON INC , is ( i ) the son of Mathias A. Valentine , ( ii ) the brother of Michael J. Valentine and ( iii ) the cousin of Jasper B. Sanfilippo , Jr , Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo .
Mr. Khadder joined us as FLUIDIGM CORP Senior Vice President , General Counsel , Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary on June 6 , 2016 .
Previously unknown risks and adverse effects may also be discovered in connection with unapproved uses of ALEXION PHARMACEUTICALS INC products , which may include administration of ALEXION PHARMACEUTICALS INC products under acute emergency conditions , such as the Enterohemorrhagic E. coli health crisis in Europe , primarily Germany , which began in May 2011 .
The following table provides information regarding Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. leasing activity , excluding leasing activity in held for sale property , for the year ended December 31 , 2015 .
In California Taylor Morrison Home Corp operate under an Owner Controlled Insurance Plan ( OCIP ) for general liability exposures of most subcontractors ( excluding consultants ) , as a result of the inability of subcontractors to procure acceptable insurance coverage to meet Taylor Morrison Home Corp requirements .
Mr. Cohen has served as the Executive Vice Chairman of the board of directors of the general partner of Atlas Growth Partners , L.P. since its inception in 2013 .
During September 2015 , Biotech Products Services & Research , Inc. formed Ethan New York , Inc , a New York corporation ( Ethan NY ) for the purpose of selling clothing and accessories through a retail store .
Under the terms of the acquisition agreement , in exchange for substantially all the assets of SKS , Ohr made an upfront payment of $ 3.5 million in cash and issued 1,194,862 shares of Ohr common stock to SKS .
These indices are included only for comparative purposes as required by SEC rules and do not necessarily reflect management s opinion that such indices are an appropriate measure of the relative performance of BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC common stock .
PAVmed Inc. named executive officers for 2016 were Lishan Aklog , M.D. who serves as PAVmed Inc. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , Michael J. Glennon who serves as PAVmed Inc.
As of September 30 , 2017 , the net assets of Falcon Global were $ 25.7 million .
Caro Holdings Inc. ( the " Company " ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on March 29 , 2016 and is engaged in the subscription box business with its initial focus on offering sock subscriptions to its customers .
Sohu.com Inc. is a holding company with no operating assets other than investments in Chinese operating entities through SOHU COM INC intermediate holding companies , SOHU COM INC subsidiaries in the Cayman Islands , and SOHU COM INC VIEs .
On July 15 , 2016 , TELOS CORP entered into a Financing and Security Agreement ( the " Financing Agreement " ) with Action Capital Corporation ( " Action Capital " ) , pursuant to which Action Capital agreed to provide TELOS CORP with advances of up to 90 % of the net amount of certain acceptable customer accounts of TELOS CORP that have been assigned as collateral to Action Capital ( the " Acceptable Accounts " ) .
Essent Group Ltd. primary mortgage insurance operations are conducted through Essent Guaranty , Inc , a Pennsylvania - domiciled insurer which is a monoline insurance company licensed in all 50 states and the District of Columbia .
The loss of the services of any member or CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT senior management team or the inability to hire and retain experienced management personnel could harm CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT operating results .
On April 17 , 2015 , in connection with the Motion Acquisition , XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP subsidiary entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Square 1 Bank , pursuant to which Square 1 Bank provided us with formula and non - formula revolving loans for up to an aggregate amount of $ 15 million , which replaced XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP existing accounts receivable purchase facility , under which there were no borrowings at the time .
RADIAN GROUP INC consolidated operating results for the three- and nine - month periods ended September 30 , 2017 and September 30 , 2016 primarily reflect the financial results and performance of RADIAN GROUP INC two business segments Mortgage Insurance and Services .
In March 2016 , BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC and Baylor College of Medicine ( BCM ) entered into two additional license agreements pursuant to which BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC obtained exclusive rights to technologies and patent rights owned by BCM .
The gain was due to a strengthening of foreign currencies associated with QUANTA SERVICES INC international operations , primarily the Canadian and Australian dollars , against the U.S. dollar as of September 30 , 2017 when compared to June 30 , 2017 , and the loss was due to a strengthening of the U.S. dollar against foreign currencies associated with QUANTA SERVICES INC international operations , primarily the Canadian and Australian dollars , as of September 30 , 2016 when compared to June 30 , 2016 .
Joseph C. Gatto , Jr. Name : Joseph C. Gatto , Jr. Title : President and Chief Financial Officer . v. By : /s/ Anson Williams .
UNITED NATURAL FOODS INC believe suppliers of natural and organic products seek to distribute their products through us because UNITED NATURAL FOODS INC provide access to a large customer base across the United States and Canada , distribute the majority of the suppliers ' products and offer a wide variety .
For the near future , American Lorain CORP . marketing efforts will continue to focus primarily on the domestic Chinese , Japan and South Korea markets for American Lorain CORP chestnut and convenience food products .
In consideration of the sales agency rights , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. agreed to issue to GD Glottech International 500 common shares of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. capital stock which obligation has been satisfied through the transfer to GD Glottech International of 500 shares held by Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. officer and director , Alexander Walsh .
Mr. Lambert began his career as an analyst for E - Systems , Melpar Division .
PACIFICORP /OR/ have reviewed , in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( United States ) , the unaudited interim financial information of MidAmerican Energy Company for the periods ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , as indicated in PACIFICORP /OR/
At June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , the total investment in Bravo was $ 1,004,158 and $ 1,162,484 , respectively .
Excluding $ 12.1 million of freight - related revenues for services provided by Freightliner Australia to GRail for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , which were eliminated in GENESEE & WYOMING INC consolidated freight - related revenues , GENESEE & WYOMING INC freight - related revenues from existing operations decreased $ 2.9 million .
Through MOBILE MINI INC wholly owned subsidiary , Evergreen Tank Solutions , Inc. ( ETS ) MOBILE MINI INC are also a leading provider of specialty containment solutions in the United States ( U.S. ) .
EXHIBIT 32(b ) In connection with the Quarterly Report of Campbell Soup Company ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 29 , 2017 ( the Report ) , I , Anthony P. DiSilvestro , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of CAMPBELL SOUP CO , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to my knowledge : ( 1 )
Under the terms of the merger agreement , Liberty shareholders received $ 37.96 in cash or 1.1934 shares of Middlefield s common stock in exchange for each share of Liberty common stock they owned immediately prior to the merger .
The increase in cost of subscription and services revenue of $ 7.4 million was primarily attributable to an increase in personnel and consultant costs of $ 2.6 million as OOMA INC increased headcount to support OOMA INC growth , an increase in telecommunication provider fees and hosting and bandwidth fees of $ 2.1 million , an increase in information technology and facilities costs allocation of $ 1.1 million due to additional facilities leased during the year to support growth , an increase in credit processing fees of $ 0.7 million and an increase in stock - based compensation of $ 0.3 million .
Mr. McGrain is also a member of JMW Fund , LLC , San Gabriel Fund , LLC , and Richland Fund , all of which are significant equity and debt holders of the Company .
In October 2015 , SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC acquired a 34.2 % interest in Cask Data , Inc. for $ 11.0 million .
Asset Management Operations : Sitestar created a wholly - owned asset management subsidiary on October 10 , 2016 named Willow Oak Asset Management , LLC ( Willow Oak ) .
On November 3 , 2016 , JRjr33 , Inc. entered into an agreement with Mr. Walker to serve as JRjr33 , Inc. Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of CVSL AG .
Before CNET , Mr. Sherman served as Vice President , Legal at Sybase , an enterprise software and services company , from November 2006 to May 2007 , following Sybase s acquisition of Mobile 365 , where he was Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary .
KINGOLD JEWELRY , INC . PRC counsel has opined among other things that : ( i ) each of KINGOLD JEWELRY , INC . VIE agreements with Wuhan Kingold are valid and enforceable under relevant PRC laws , ( ii ) all government authorizations for the execution , delivery , performance and enforcement of KINGOLD JEWELRY , INC . VIE agreements have been obtained as required by PRC laws , ( iii ) the ownership structure of Vogue Show and Wuhan Kingold created by KINGOLD JEWELRY , INC . VIE agreements and the call options in favor of Zhihong Jia do not violate any provisions of applicable PRC laws , and ( iv ) no PRC governmental approvals were required under the Revised M A Regulations in connection with KINGOLD JEWELRY , INC . acquisition of KINGOLD JEWELRY , INC . current ownership interests in any of KINGOLD JEWELRY , INC . PRC subsidiaries or in connection with the VIE agreements .
Schedule 5.03 Certain Authorizations UCC-1 Filings Type of Filing Entity Jurisdictions UCC-1 Financing Statement American Renal Holdings Intermediate Company , LLC Delaware Secretary of State UCC-1 Financing Statement American Renal Holdings Inc. Delaware Secretary of State UCC-1 Financing Statement American Renal Associates LLC Delaware Secretary of State UCC-1 Financing Statement American Renal Management LLC Delaware Secretary of State UCC-1 Financing Statement AKC Holding LLC Delaware Secretary of State UCC-1 Financing Statement JKC Holding LLC Delaware Secretary of State UCC-1 Financing Statement ARA - Boca Raton Holding LLC Delaware Secretary of State UCC-1 Financing Statement ARA - Ohio Holdings LLC Delaware Secretary of State UCC-1 Financing Statement ARA - Rhode Island Dialysis II LLC Delaware Secretary of State UCC-1 Financing Statement Texas - ARA LLC Delaware Secretary of State UCC-1 Financing Statement American Renal Texas L.P. Texas Secretary of State .
In February 2013 , as last updated in August 2015 , OphthaliX , Inc. obtained a formal letter from Can - Fite stating that Can - Fite agreed to defer the payments under the Services Agreement from January 31 , 2013 for the performance of the clinical trials of CF101 in ophthalmic indications until the completion of a fundraising by OphthaliX , Inc. that will allow such payments .
Robert J. Perna Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary since February 2014 ; Senior Vice President , General Counsel from January 2014 to February 2014 ; Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary for AM Castle Co. prior thereto .
Mr. Petersen has entered into a Services Agreement whereby Mr. Petersen shall provide on - going services to us including participation at road shows , general investor relations services , general work as Chairman of the Board of Directors and other services , which are mutually agreeable by both parties on an ad hoc basis .
Northwest Bancshares , Inc. are headquartered in Warren , Pennsylvania , which is located in northwestern Pennsylvania , and have Northwest Bancshares , Inc. highest concentration of deposits and loans in this area .
Certification of John C. Miller , President and Chief Executive Officer of Denny 's Corporation , pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a ) , as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
Officers : Patrick V. Apodaca , Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary Patricia K. Collawn , Chief Executive Officer and President Ronald N. Darnell , Senior Vice President , Public Policy Elisabeth A. Eden , Vice President and Treasurer Charles N. Eldred , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Thomas G. Fallgren , Interim Vice President , NM Operations Michael Mertz , Vice President and Chief Information Officer Laurie S. Monfiletto , Vice President , Human Resources Chris M. Olson , Vice President , Utility Operations Gerard T. Ortiz , Vice President , Regulatory and Economic Development Joseph D. Tarry , Vice President , Finance and Controller Becky R. Teague , Vice President , External Affairs . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 1 List does not include inactive Affiliates .
CLEARSIGN COMBUSTION CORP are headquartered in Seattle , Washington with offices in Tulsa , Oklahoma and Houston , Texas .
HUNT J B TRANSPORT SERVICES INC operate four distinct , but complementary , business segments and provide a wide range of transportation and delivery services to a diverse group of customers throughout the continental United States , Canada , and Mexico .
Any sale of LinnCo , LLC shares , to LINN Energy or otherwise , for cash will be a taxable transaction to the owner of the shares sold .
If Carlyle Group L.P. were taxed as a U.S. corporation or required to hold all ISPIs through corporations , Carlyle Group L.P. effective tax rate would increase significantly .
Hawaii s economy , and demand for Hawaii Gas s products , is heavily influenced by economic conditions in the U.S. and Asia and their impact on tourism , as well as by government spending .
Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. have a history of operating losses and as of December 31 , 2015 Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. have an accumulated deficit of approximately $ 24 million , and during the nine months ended December 31 , 2015 Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. used net cash of $ 1.8 million for Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. operating activities .
During 2016 , GENUINE PARTS CO s Automotive Parts Group included NAPA automotive parts distribution centers and automotive parts stores ( auto parts stores or NAPA AUTO PARTS stores ) owned and operated in the United States by the Company ; NAPA and Traction automotive parts distribution centers and auto parts stores in the United States and Canada owned and operated by GENUINE PARTS CO and NAPA Canada / UAP Inc. ( NAPA Canada / UAP ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary of the Company ; auto parts stores and distribution centers in the United States operated by corporations in which GENUINE PARTS CO owned either a noncontrolling or controlling interest ; auto parts stores in Canada operated by corporations in which UAP owns a 50 % interest ; Repco and other automotive parts distribution centers , branches and auto parts stores in Australia and New Zealand owned and operated by GPC Asia Pacific , a wholly - owned subsidiary of the Company ; import automotive parts distribution centers in the United States owned by GENUINE PARTS CO and operated by its Altrom America division ; import automotive parts distribution centers in Canada owned and operated by Altrom Canada Corporation ( Altrom Canada ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary of the Company ; distribution centers in the United States owned by Balkamp , Inc. ( Balkamp ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary of the Company ; distribution facilities in the United States owned by GENUINE PARTS CO and operated by its Rayloc division ; automotive parts distribution centers and automotive parts stores in Mexico , owned and operated by Grupo Auto Todo , S.A. de C.V. ( Auto Todo ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary of the Company ; and an automotive parts distribution center and automotive parts stores in Mexico , owned and operated by Autopartes NAPA Mexico ( " NAPA Mexico " ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary of GENUINE PARTS CO .
In October 2004 , TRANSAKT LTD . purchased the existing business and certain assets of IP Mental Inc , a Taiwan - based Voice over Internet Protocol ( VoIP ) hardware and software provider .
Prior to joining Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. sponsor , from 2001 to January 2007 , Mr. Miller served as the Vice President and Corporate Controller , and later the Senior Vice President of Business Operations , for PS Business Parks , a publicly - traded REIT .
In addition to transactional foreign currency exchange rate risk , Titan Machinery Inc. are also exposed to translational foreign currency exchange rate risk as Titan Machinery Inc. translate the results of operations and assets and liabilities of Titan Machinery Inc. foreign operations from their functional currency to the U.S. dollar .
volatility in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and currencies of the countries in which SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO operate , as SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO discuss below .
Accounting Basis COSTO INC . uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP accounting ) .
In September 2017 , ECOSPHERE TECHNOLOGIES INC and its wholly - owned subsidiary , EDC , issued a senior secured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $ 70,975 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Southern Copper Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Raul Jacob , Vice President Finance , Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of SOUTHERN COPPER CORP/ , certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
While HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA have historically operated HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA vessels predominately in the U.S. GoM , HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA have diversified HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA market presence and now operate in three core geographic markets : the GoM , Mexico and Brazil .
FERRO CORP have classified the Europe - based Polymer Additives operating results , net of income tax , as discontinued operations in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 .
Stockholders of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company originally approved the reverse stock split on October 14 , 2014 at a special meeting .
In March 2010 , President Obama signed into law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act , which substantially change the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers , and encourages improvements in the quality of healthcare items and services .
Jay Madhu . Chief Executive Officer and President ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
Mr. Perkins serves in these same capacities for ATI , Yilaime , Yilaime NC and AXP Holding .
VICTORY RECEIVABLES CORPORATION , as a Conduit Purchaser By : /s/ David V. DeAngelis Name : David V. DeAngelis Title : Vice President .
Mr. Tenzer serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
The lending parties include certain related parties of ours , including an affiliate of Dr. Frost ( $ 500,000 ) , a director of ours and Castle Brands Inc principal shareholder , Mr. Andrews ( $ 50,000 ) , Castle Brands Inc chairman , an affiliate of Mr. Lampen ( $ 50,000 ) , a director of ours and Castle Brands Inc president and chief executive officer , an affiliate of Mr. Halpryn ( $ 200,000 ) , a former director of ours , and Vector Group Ltd. ( $ 200,000 ) , a more than 5 % shareholder of ours , of which Mr. Lampen is an executive officer , Mr. Beinstein is a director and Dr. Frost is a principal shareholder .
If compensation to Credit Suisse or Jefferies becomes payable in respect of a transaction that involves a disposition of shares of FGL held by HRG and a disposition of not more than 50 % of the shares of FGL held by stockholders of FGL other than HRG , HRG will reimburse FGL for its pro rata portion of such compensation ( based on its relative number of shares compared to those held by stockholders of FGL other than HRG ) .
JONES SODA CO have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Jones Soda Co. and subsidiaries ( the Company ) as of December 31 , 2016 and 2015 , and the related consolidated statements of operations , comprehensive loss , shareholders equity , and cash flows for the years then ended .
Blackstone Group L.P. have agreed to provide Beijing Wonderful Investments with registration rights to effect certain sales .
Also , as a multi - national corporation , FRANKLIN RESOURCES INC operate in various locations outside of the U.S.
In connection with and following the Spin - off , EchoStar and DISH Network have entered into certain agreements pursuant to which Hughes Satellite Systems Corp and EchoStar obtain certain products , services and rights from DISH Network ; DISH Network obtains certain products , services and rights from us and EchoStar ; and Hughes Satellite Systems Corp and DISH Network have indemnified each other against certain liabilities arising from Hughes Satellite Systems Corp respective businesses .
Consolidated Results of Operations Following is a discussion of Blackstone Group L.P. consolidated results of operations for each of the years in the three year period ended December 31 , 2015 .
In August 2003 , CDWR entered into an agreement with Sunrise and Kern River in which CDWR accepted assignment of the TSA through the term of the PPA .
The Partnership understands that , to the extent TM hereinafter permits the Partnership to use the BLACKSTONE name and service mark , TM may thereafter terminate the Partnership s right to use BLACKSTONE at any time in TM s sole discretion by giving the Partnership written notice of termination .
In prior years SWIFT ENERGY CO have added proved reserves primarily through SWIFT ENERGY CO drilling activities , including 18.2 MMBoe added in 2014 and 76.3 MMBoe added in 2013 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of PBF Energy Inc. ( PBF Energy ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Thomas J. Nimbley , Chief Executive Officer of PBF Energy , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Section 16(a ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , requires InspireMD , Inc. directors and officers , and persons who own more than ten percent of InspireMD , Inc. common stock , to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of InspireMD , Inc. common stock .
Orbital Tracking Corp. pays Mr. Phipps an additional monthly fee of $ 3,000 for his services as a director of Orbital Tracking Corp. Jenna Foster , a former GTCL Shareholder and the Secretary of GTCL , was appointed director of Orbital Tracking Corp. at the closing of the share exchange .
ENTEGRIS INC s quarterly results of operations have been , and will likely continue to be , subject to significant fluctuations due to a myriad of factors , many of which are beyond ENTEGRIS INC s control .
Aly Energy Services , Inc. primary operating yards , shop and repair facilities , and division management are located in Giddings , Texas , San Angelo , Texas , and Houston , Texas .
On October 28 , 2013 FORMCAP CORP , and Kerr and Keta agreed to extend the closing date for the purchase of the oil exploration leases to January 15 , 2014 .
With over 50,000 employees , HALLIBURTON CO operate in approximately 70 countries around the world , and HALLIBURTON CO corporate headquarters are in Houston , Texas and Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
GCP Applied Technologies Inc. 2015 effective tax rate of approximately 67 % was higher than the 35 % U.S. statutory rate primarily due to $ 24.7 million related to the Venezuela nondeductible charge , $ 19.9 million due to Separation - related repatriation of foreign earnings , $ 6.3 million related to state and local income taxes , and $ 2.5 million for non - deductible expenses , partially offset by $ 8.0 million due to lower taxes in non - U.S. jurisdictions , $ 2.7 million due to the domestic production activities deduction and a $ 2.5 million benefit associated with the return to provision change in estimate .
As a result of these and other factors , ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. financial results for any given quarter may not be indicative of the results that may be achieved for a full fiscal year .
As a result of this transaction , CPE Resources became a 100 % owned subsidiary of CPE Inc , and Rio Tinto no longer holds an interest in CPE Resources .
Prior to his appointment , Mr. Bochnowski held the position of Executive Vice President , Chief Operating Officer ; he had also held positions overseeing risk management and strategic planning .
As of December 31 , 2016 , Primo Water Corp products were offered in the United States and in Canada at over 46,000 combined retail locations , including Lowe s Home Improvement , Walmart , The Home Depot , Meijer , Kroger , Food Lion , H - E - B Grocery , Sobeys , Circle K , Family Dollar , Walgreens , Albertsons , Publix , and CVS .
Unless extended or earlier terminated under the terms and conditions of Hughes Satellite Systems Corp agreement with DISH Network for the QuetzSat-1 satellite , the initial service term will expire in November 2021 .
On May 26 , 2015 , Discover Financial Services entered into a written agreement with the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago where Discover Financial Services agreed to enhance Discover Financial Services s enterprise - wide anti - money laundering and related compliance programs .
During the three and six months ended December 31 , 2015 and December 31 , 2014 , EnSync , Inc. 's results of operations include compensation expense for stock options and RSUs granted under its various equity incentive plans .
He is the son of Robert G. Ruhlman , Chairman , President and CEO of PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO , and grandson of Barbara P. Ruhlman , a member of the Board of Directors .
As a result of the factors described above , China Carbon Graphite Group , Inc. net loss for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 was $ 199,009 , compared to net loss of $ 165,513 for the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 , an increase of $ 33,496 , or 20.24 % .
Trilogy Metals Inc. are a base metals exploration company focused on exploring and developing Trilogy Metals Inc. mineral holdings in the Ambler mining district located in Alaska , U.S.A. Trilogy Metals Inc. conduct Trilogy Metals Inc. operations through a wholly - owned subsidiary , NovaCopper US Inc. which is doing business as Trilogy Metals US ( NovaCopper US ) .
In addition , the BMA is required by the Insurance Act to determine whether a person who proposes to control 10 % , 20 % , 33 % or 50 % ( as applicable ) of the voting powers of a Bermuda - registered insurer or its parent company is a fit and proper person to exercise such degree of control .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Park Hotels Resorts Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Thomas J. Baltimore , Jr , President and Chief Executive Officer of Park Hotels & Resorts Inc , in my capacity as an officer of Park Hotels & Resorts Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Messrs. Gjerdrum , Dickson and Madge were employed and compensated directly by A - Mark and its subsidiaries during fiscal 2017 and 2016 for their full - time service to A - Mark .
On July 16 , 2012 , American Patriot Brands , Inc. entered into an advisory agreement with TRIG Capital Group , LLC whose members are Alfonso J. Cervantes , a shareholder and American Patriot Brands , Inc. s former President , Secretary and a director of American Patriot Brands , Inc , Robert Lee , the Executive Chairman , Principal Financial Officer and a director of American Patriot Brands , Inc. and Peter Goldstein , a shareholder and financial advisor to American Patriot Brands , Inc , at that time .
In addition , MARCUS CORP fiscal 2013 second quarter included the week after Thanksgiving , which includes a traditionally strong holiday weekend , favorably impacting MARCUS CORP reported results for MARCUS CORP fiscal 2013 second quarter .
2015 Investments in Unconsolidated Joint Ventures .
In addition to the revenue and cost of product sold factors previously discussed , operating loss increased due to the impairment charge of $ 58.2 million recognized in the fourth quarter of 2015 on port access rights and CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . equity investment in GPT .
PowerComm Holdings Inc , through its wholly owned subsidiary PowerComm Construction , Inc , installs , connects and services the energy and communications sectors .
Therefore , changes in the valuation of the U.S. dollar in relation to the Asian currencies may cause AeroGrow International , Inc. manufacturers to raise prices of AeroGrow International , Inc. products which could reduce AeroGrow International , Inc. profit margins .
In October 2015 , Consolidated Water Co. Ltd. learned that EWG has filed a lawsuit against the individual shareholder , NSC , NSA , CW - Cooperatief , Ricardo del Monte Nunez , Carlos Eduardo Ahumada Arruit , Luis de Angitia Becerra , and the Public Registry of Commerce of Tijuana , Baja California in the Civil Court located in Tecate , Baja California , Mexico .
Crowd 4 Seeds was incorporated in Nevada on April 11 , 2014 .
TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC operate seven full service banking offices located along the South Carolina coast .
However , Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRS ) will generally be subject to U.S. federal , state , and local income taxes as well as taxes of foreign jurisdictions , if any .
You should read the following discussion and analysis of ADURO BIOTECH , INC . financial condition and results of operations together with ADURO BIOTECH , INC . unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Part I , Item 1 of this report and with ADURO BIOTECH , INC . audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , included in ADURO BIOTECH , INC .
Mr. Buser joined Carlyle in 2004 as a managing director and served as the firm s Chief Accounting Officer until May 2014 .
IMTT s revenue for the fourth quarter of 2015 compared with the fourth quarter of 2014 decreased $ 10.8 million , of which $ 11.7 million reflects the impact of reduced spill response activity , heating revenue , rail service revenue and other ancillary service revenue as well as deterioration in the Canadian Dollar / U.S. Dollar exchange rate .
Acquisition of Buck s Acquisition Company , LLC On March 18 , 2015 ( Buck s Date of Acquisition ) , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . acquired all of the membership interests in Buck s Acquisition Company , LLC , ( Buck s ) from UE Powertrain d / b / a Buck s Engines and United Holdings , LLC , for an initial cash purchase price of approximately $ 9,735,000 , subject to certain adjustments as defined by the purchase agreement .
Froehling Robertson Inc MACTECH Engineering and Consulting , Inc. Professional Services Industries , Inc. S and ME , Inc Schnabel Engineering South , LLC Specialty Machining Welding Wachs Welding Services WSI Welding TrI - Tool PCI subsidiary of WEC Caissons / Pilings ( if applicable ) Morris Shea Bridge Co. Balfour Beatty Construction Co.
Prior to the third quarter of 2015 , Net Element , Inc. operated in a single operating segment , that being a provider of transactional services and mobile payment solutions in the United States and emerging countries , including the CIS .
The following table summarizes American Finance Trust , Inc leasing activity during the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 : .
Should the FDA require , or a change in current regulations occur , that PHOTOMEDEX INC products be FDA - cleared for marketing and sale in the U.S. PHOTOMEDEX INC may be required to incur significant expense and engage in a time consuming process seeking such approvals .
During the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 , Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc operating activities used cash of $ 24.4 million and $ 22.0 million , respectively , primarily resulting from Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc net losses and changes in Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc working capital accounts , adjusted for non - cash items including stock based compensation .
On October 1 , 2012 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a license agreement and a sales agency agreement with GD Glottech , regarding GD Glottech International s proprietary and patented mechanical ultrasound technology for use in water purification in the process of separation of salt and other minerals from lithium bearing brine produced from oil and gas operations .
If Global Bridge Capital , Inc. revenues can not cover Global Bridge Capital , Inc. operating expenses , Global Bridge Capital , Inc. will need to utilize funds from Tan Yu Chai , Global Bridge Capital , Inc. Officer and Director , who has informally agreed to advance funds to allow us to pay for operating expenses .
Citigroup s executive officers as of February 24 , 2017 are : Name Age Position and office held Francisco Aristeguieta CEO , Asia Pacific Stephen Bird CEO , Global Consumer Banking Don Callahan Head of Operations and Technology Michael L. Corbat Chief Executive Officer James C. Cowles CEO , Europe , Middle East and Africa Barbara Desoer CEO , Citibank , N.A. James A. Forese President ; CEO , Institutional Clients Group Jane Fraser CEO , Latin America John C. Gerspach Chief Financial Officer Bradford Hu Chief Risk Officer William J. Mills CEO , North America J. Michael Murray Head of Human Resources Jeffrey R. Walsh Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Rohan Weerasinghe General Counsel and Corporate Secretary .
Since the Buffalo brand joint venture is a taxable entity in Canada , the Iconix Middle East joint venture and Diamond Icon joint venture are taxable entities in the United Kingdom and the Umbro China joint venture is a taxable entity in Hong Kong , ICONIX BRAND GROUP , INC . is required to report its tax liability , including taxes attributable to the non - controlling interest , in its statement of operations .
SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC national media revenues , excluding political revenues , which include national time sales and other national revenues , were up $ 44.1 million for 2015 when compared to 2014 , of which $ 44.1 million was related to the stations not included in the same period in 2014 .
CYBEROPTICS CORP recently entered into a mutually exclusive agreement to supply KLA - Tencor with high - precision 3D sensor subsystems for its back - end semiconductor packaging inspection systems .
Well Services revenues for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 increased $ 51.2 million , or 656 % , to $ 59.0 million from $ 7.8 million for the six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
Substantially all of GENERAL STEEL HOLDINGS INC operations are conducted in China and all of GENERAL STEEL HOLDINGS INC revenues are denominated in Renminbi ( RMB ) .
Trust Account available for distribution to WL Ross Holding Corp. public stockholders .
Coherus BioSciences , Inc. Chief Scientific Officer , Alan C. Herman , Ph . D , is a former employee of Amgen and Genentech .
Because the British pound has experienced a net decline in value relative to the U.S. dollar since Atlanticus Holdings Corp commenced Atlanticus Holdings Corp most significant operations in the U.K , Atlanticus Holdings Corp have experienced significant transaction and translation losses within Atlanticus Holdings Corp financial statements .
iProperty Group Limited In February 2016 , REA Group increased its investment in iProperty Group Limited ( iProperty ) from 22.7 % to approximately 86.9 % for A$ 482 million in cash ( approximately $ 340 million ) .
Steam CECONY operates the largest steam distribution system in the United States by producing and delivering approximately 19,500 MMlb of steam annually to approximately 1,640 customers in parts of Manhattan .
Mr. Paolucci s agreement to forego his right and opportunity to convert the debt into approximately 2,616,600 shares of Novus Robotics Inc. common stock represented a large potential monetary loss based upon the anticipated increase in the trading price and valuation of Novus Robotics Inc. shares of common stock .
Mr. Quist has also served since 2013 as a director of the National Alliance of Life Companies ( NALC ) , a national trade association of over 200 life insurance companies , where he also serves as President and Treasurer .
On December 10 , 2009 , XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP s wholly - owned subsidiary entered into an Accounts Receivable Purchasing Agreement ( as amended to date , the ARPA ) with DSCH Capital Partners , LLC d / b / a Far West Capital ( FWC ) .
During 2015 , Hatteras Financial Corp terminated swaps with $ 1,400,000 of notional value for a payment of $ 5,210 .
On January 8 , 2014 , PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORP / DE/ and Mr. Alexander Ludwig , a Director , President , Chief Operating Office and Principal Financial Officer of PRESIDENTIAL REALTY CORP / DE/ entered into an amendment to Mr. Ludwig s employment agreement dated November 8 , 2011 .
From October 2001 to February 2003 , Mr. Jacobs served as Executive Vice President of Operations and Corporate Secretary of The Hain Celestial Group , Inc , a food and personal care products company .
Form of Employment Agreement between OceanFirst Financial Corp. and certain executive officers , including Michael J. Fitzpatrick and John R. Garbarino .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Annual Report of CSS Industries , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Christopher J. Munyan , President and Chief Executive Officer of CSS INDUSTRIES INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 )
Also effective April 18 , 2016 , Mr. James Place , a former Officer and Director , entered into an employment agreement with the Company .
Gener8 Maritime , Inc. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , Peter C. Georgiopoulos , actively reviews potential investment opportunities in the shipping industry from time to time .
Tier 1 is comprised of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC operations across the Southern United States , with the exception of Southern California and the Florida peninsula , and also includes the New England states , the tri - state area of Michigan , Indiana and Ohio , and Western Canada .
Katie G. Helton , Jack Cooper Holdings Corp. Executive Vice President , Assistant Secretary and Associate General Counsel is the daughter of T. Michael Riggs and the sister of Sarah Amico .
RPC , Inc. ( RPC ) provides a broad range of specialized oilfield services primarily to independent and major oilfield companies engaged in exploration , production and development of oil and gas properties throughout the United States , including the southwest , mid - continent , Gulf of Mexico , Rocky Mountain and Appalachian regions , and in selected international markets .
Seagate Technology plc cash and cash equivalents and short - term investments decreased from July 3 , 2015 as a result of net cash outflows for the acquisition of Dot Hill , repurchase of Seagate Technology plc ordinary shares , dividends paid to Seagate Technology plc shareholders , and capital expenditures .
Mr. Hughes joined Winnebago Industries from Ecolab , Inc. ( NYSE : ECL ) in St. Paul , Minnesota , where he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller from 2014 to 2017 , as Vice President of Finance from 2008 to 2014 and in various management positions from 1996 to 2008 .
Greenpro Capital Corp. s comprehensive income was $ 117,298 for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and Greenpro Capital Corp. s comprehensive loss was $ 209,970 for the six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
BIOLARGO , INC . operate six wholly - owned subsidiaries : BioLargo Life Technologies , Inc , organized under the laws of the State of California in 2006 , Odor - No - More , Inc , organized under the laws of the State of California in 2009 , BioLargo Water USA , Inc , organized under the laws of the State of California in 2013 , BioLargo Water , Inc , organized under the laws of Canada in 2014 , BioLargo Maritime Solutions , Inc. organized under the laws of the State of California in 2016 , and BioLargo Development Corp , organized under the laws of the State of California in 2016 .
In April 2017 , CATASYS , INC . filed a certificate of amendment to CATASYS , INC . Certificate of Incorporation , as amended and in effect , with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware , implementing a 1 - for-6 reverse stock split of CATASYS , INC . 's common stock , pursuant to which each six shares of issued and outstanding common stock converted into one share of common stock .
On October 21 , 2016 , Genworth Financial entered into an agreement and plan of merger ( the Merger Agreement ) with Asia Pacific Global Capital Co , Ltd. ( the Parent ) , a limited liability company incorporated in the People s Republic of China , and Asia Pacific Global Capital USA Corporation ( Merger Sub ) , a Delaware corporation and an indirect , wholly - owned subsidiary of the Parent .
Investor Note means a promissory note of a Partner evidencing indebtedness incurred by such Partner to purchase a Capital Commitment Interest , the terms of which were or are approved by the Delaware GP and which is secured by such Capital Commitment Interest , all other Capital Commitment Interests of such Partner and all other interests of such Partner in Blackstone Collateral Entities ; provided , that such promissory note may also evidence indebtedness relating to other interests of such Partner in Blackstone Collateral Entities , and such indebtedness shall be prepayable with Capital Commitment Net Income ( whether or not such indebtedness relates to Capital Commitment Investments ) as set forth in this Agreement , the Investor Note , the other BCE Agreements and any documentation relating to Other Sources ; provided further , that references to Investor Notes herein refer to multiple loans made pursuant to such note , whether made with respect to Capital Commitment Investments or other BCE Investments , and references to an Investor Note refer to one such loan as the context requires .
Mr. Edwards currently serves as a director for Adelante Media Group and Zonar Systems .
Under this agreement , Columbia Gulf provides receipts in Louisiana with deliveries at Leach , Kentucky in the amount of 15,000 dts / d. Tennessee Gas Transmission : .
As a result of these factors , FINISAR CORP operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter .
During 2015 , Hatteras Financial Corp purchased $ 259 million of MSR though Pingora .
Larry then makes compensation recommendations to the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee for GOOGLE INC . named executive officers , other than himself .
Under certain circumstances and subject to the provisions of Bermuda law and Essent Group Ltd. bye - laws , Essent Group Ltd. may be required to make an offer to repurchase shares held by members .
In connection with the Annual Report of eMagin Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the period ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Andrew G. Sculley , Chief Executive Officer of EMAGIN CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
While historically American Assets Trust , L.P. has satisfied this distribution requirement by making cash distributions to American Assets Trust , Inc. 's stockholders or American Assets Trust , L.P. 's unitholders , it may choose to satisfy this requirement by making distributions of cash or other property , including , in limited circumstances , American Assets Trust , L.P. s own stock .
Accordingly , for cash flow presentation purposes , the cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period associated with Colomer 's U.S. subsidiaries have been reported under Guarantor Subsidiaries .
Homie Recipes , Inc. were incorporated on June 22 , 2012 and Homie Recipes , Inc. have not realized any revenues .
Credit Ratings The following table details AAG and American s credit ratings as of September 30 , 2017 : .
To the extent the Mississippi PSC determines the Kemper IGCC does not meet the operational parameters ultimately adopted by the Mississippi PSC or ALABAMA POWER CO incurs additional costs to satisfy such parameters , there could be a material adverse impact on ALABAMA POWER CO 's financial statements .
Note 14 Related Party Transactions Debt with Street Capital Until the second quarter of 2014 , as discussed below , Street Capital was Heritage Global Inc. s majority shareholder .
Exhibit 32.2 In connection with the Annual Report of Orion Futures Fund L.P. ( the Partnership ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Steven Ross , Chief Financial Officer and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
On December 1 , 2015 , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . announced a similar amendment to CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . transportation agreement with BNSF .
CEC ENTERTAINMENT INC wholly - owned foreign subsidiaries and CEC ENTERTAINMENT INC less - than - wholly - owned U.S. subsidiaries are not a party to the guarantees ( the Non - Guarantors ) .
Caroline S. Vaccariello was elected General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in January 2007 .
In June 2012 , PARKS AMERICA , INC amended PARKS AMERICA , INC complaint against the original defendants to , among other things , add new claims for relief , as well as join as defendants , LEA Capital Advisors , LLC , an entity controlled by Mr. Eastland ( LEA Capital Advisors , LLC and the original defendants are collectively referred to herein as the Eastland Defendants ) , and Stanley Harper and Computer Contact Service , Inc , an entity controlled by Mr. Harper ( together the Harper Defendants ) for breaches of contract and fiduciary duty with regard to PARKS AMERICA , INC s purchase of TempSERV on September 30 , 2007 , its subsequent re - conveyance of TempSERV to Computer Contact Service , Inc. as of January 1 , 2009 , and other conduct of management at that time .
Health Insurance Innovations , Inc. primary investing activities for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 were attributable to capitalized internal - use software and website development costs of $ 746,000 .
if SkyWest Airlines or Delta commits a material breach of the SkyWest Airlines Delta Connection Agreement , subject to 30 day notice and cure rights ; .
Substantially all of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT treatment , storage , and distribution properties are owned by CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT subsidiaries , Connecticut Water and Maine Water .
Gross profit and gross margin Staffing 360 Solutions , Inc. gross profit for the three months ended November 30 , 2016 and 2015 was $ 8,097 and $ 7,470 , respectively , representing gross margin of 17.2 % and 18.1 % for each period , respectively .
As a result of their ownership , the Tricor Funds , so long as they collectively hold a majority of CPI Card Group Inc. outstanding shares , will have the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to a vote of stockholders and , through CPI Card Group Inc. board of directors , the ability to control decision making with respect to CPI Card Group Inc. business direction and policies .
Mr. Song was appointed as YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . Executive Chairman in February 2014 and as a member of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . Board of Directors on July 5 , 2014 .
An Operations Center is located in Ellsworth , Maine , that houses BAR HARBOR BANKSHARES s operations and data processing centers .
On January 6 , 2014 GMCI Corp. s subsidiary , SBS , entered into two agreements with unrelated third parties , YM Tengku Dato Kalsom Ibni Al - Marhum Sultan Abu Bakar and YM Tengku Dato Norazahan Ibni Al - Marhum Sultan Abu Bakar where under GMCI Corp. was granted in consideration of all work and fees payable on the underlying lands a power of attorney granting a license to prospect , extract and monetize iron ore on the following two ( 2 ) properties : .
ARBOR REALTY TRUST INC chairman , chief executive officer and president , Mr. Kaufman , is also the chief executive officer and president of ARBOR REALTY TRUST INC Manager , and , ARBOR REALTY TRUST INC chief financial officer and treasurer , Mr. Elenio , is the chief financial officer of ARBOR REALTY TRUST INC Manager .
Based upon that initial evaluation , Mr. Sand concluded , upon consultation with prior management , that FBEC Worldwide Inc. s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of March 31 , 2015 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by FBEC Worldwide Inc. in the reports that FBEC Worldwide Inc. files or submits under the Exchange Act , is recorded , processed , summarized and reported , within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms , and that such information is accumulated and communicated to FBEC Worldwide Inc. s management , including FBEC Worldwide Inc. s President / CFO , as appropriate , to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure , due to the material weaknesses described below .
In the PA Acquisition , ACCO Brands Australia Pty Limited and Bigadale Pty Limited ( collectively , ' ' ACCO Australia " ) , two wholly - owned indirect subsidiaries of ACCO BRANDS Corp , entered into a Share Sale Agreement ( the " Agreement " ) with Andrew Kaldor , Cherington Investments Pty Ltd , Freiburg Nominees Proprietary Limited , Enora Pty Ltd and Bruce Haynes and certain Guarantors named therein ( collectively , the " Seller Parties " ) to purchase directly or indirectly 100 % of the capital stock of Australia Stationery Industries , Inc. which indirectly owned the 50 % of the Pelikan Artline joint - venture and the issued capital stock of Pelikan Artline Pty Limited ( collectively " Pelikan Artline " ) that was not already owned by ACCO Brands Australia Pty Limited .
In November 2015 , Generation sold 69 % of its equity interest in 2015 ESA Investco , LLC to a tax equity investor .
Clarke served on the board of directors of Utstarcom , which designs and manufactures communications equipment , from 2005 to 2010 .
Because of Illumina 's ownership of Verinata , Natera , Inc. face increased risk and uncertainty regarding continuity of a successful working relationship with Illumina under Natera , Inc. supply agreement , as well as in Natera , Inc. ability to compete with Verinata in the marketplace in view of economic advantages enjoyed by Verinata with respect to the cost of sequencers and related consumables .
Any armed conflict involving Israel could adversely affect SteadyMed Ltd. operations and results of operations .
Igor Gorodnitsky President , PEO , Secretary Director .
See Note 14 Debt and Credit Agreements of the Exelon 2016 Form 10 - K for additional information regarding the financing .
Most of COOPER COMPANIES INC products are medical devices subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the United States and other regulatory bodies abroad .
Consideration for Recommendation : Mr. Minami , who has served as president of a publicly - traded REIT , chief financial officer and chief operating officer of a real estate company and in various financial service capacities , brings corporate finance , operations , public company and executive leadership expertise to NorthStar Realty Europe Corp. Board .
No . 2015 - 03 beginning on January 1 , 2016 and the adoption of the new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s results of operations , financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures .
The former shareholder forgave the $ 14,468 advances at the date of the transfer , and PUNTO GROUP , CORP . recognized a one - time gain of $ 14,468 which is included as gain on change of control in PUNTO GROUP , CORP . s results of operations during the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
* Xcerra Corp currently rely on Spirox as Xcerra Corp distributor for sales and service of Xcerra Corp products in China and Taiwan .
Note 2 Purchase Agreement and Plan of Liquidation Purchase Agreement On June 16 , 2017 , American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III , Inc , the OP and HT III Holdco entered into the Purchase Agreement with HTI , the HTI OP and HTI Holdco .
YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . and each of its Subsidiaries has not agreed , and is not required to include in income any adjustment pursuant to Section 481(a ) of the Code ( or analogous provision of foreign , state , or local Requirement of Law ) by reason of a change in accounting method or otherwise , and YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . and each of its Subsidiaries does not have knowledge that the Internal Revenue Service ( or other taxing authority ) has proposed or is considering any such change in accounting .
Since April 2012 , Dr. Sofia has been a professor at the Baruch S. Blumberg Institute and since March 2013 , Dr. Sofia has been an adjunct professor at the Drexel University School of Medicine .
In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10 - Q of PPL Electric Utilities Corporation ( the " Company " ) for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Covered Report " ) , PPL ELECTRIC UTILITIES CORP , Gregory N. Dudkin , the Principal Executive Officer of PPL ELECTRIC UTILITIES CORP , and Marlene C. Beers , the Principal Financial Officer of PPL ELECTRIC UTILITIES CORP , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , hereby certify that : .
CAMPBELL SOUP CO wish to caution the reader that the following important factors and those important factors described in CAMPBELL SOUP CO other Securities and Exchange Commission filings , or in CAMPBELL SOUP CO 2017 Annual Report on Form 10 - K , could affect CAMPBELL SOUP CO actual results and could cause such results to vary materially from those expressed in any forward - looking statements made by , or on behalf of , us : .
Segment and Other Revenue Information Segment Information Operating Segments Zoetis Inc. manage Zoetis Inc. operations through two geographic operating segments : the United States and International .
Before joining Southern Company , Mr. Kuczynski served at Exelon Corporation as the Senior Vice President of Engineering and Technical Services for Exelon Nuclear from February 2009 to June 2011 .
Thomas C. McGraw is Chief Executive Officer of FNB BANCORP / CA/. and the Bank ; Jim D. Black is President of FNB BANCORP / CA/ and the Bank ; and Anthony J. Clifford is Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of FNB BANCORP / CA/ and the Bank .
The volumes are based on Granite Falls Energy , LLC expected use and sale of these commodities for a one year period from October 31 , 2015 for both the Granite Falls , Minnesota and Heron Lake , Minnesota production plants .
Under this agreement , Gavilon purchases all of the distillers ' grains produced at Granite Falls Energy , LLC Heron Lake ethanol plant in exchange for a service fee .
Mr. Brady directly holds 108,750 founder shares .
MOSAIC CO operations in Brazil , China , India and Paraguay are a fundamental part of MOSAIC CO business .
On November 20 , 2014 , the EC issued a Statement of Objections to the manufacturers , including DAF Trucks N.V , its subsidiary DAF Trucks Deutschland GmbH and PACCAR Inc as their parent .
Since June , 2013 , Mr. Elton is a partner of Clear Search , an executive search firm .
Any changes in the tax laws applicable to FITBIT INC international business activities , including the laws of the United States .
Mr. Schaney served as Managing Director and Head of High Yield and Leveraged Loans at Morgan Stanley Investment Management .
Prior to that role , Dr. Maroni served as Chief Medical Officer of Stromedix , Inc. until Akebia Therapeutics , Inc. was acquired by Biogen Idec in 2012 .
Mr. Light was elected to the board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner effective September 18 , 2008 .
Eric E. Schmidt , Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Alphabet , has served as the Executive Chairman of GOOGLE INC . Board of Directors since April 2011 and as a member of GOOGLE INC . Board of Directors since March 2001 .
Support.com , Inc. encourage you to read carefully all information provided in this report and in Support.com , Inc. other filings with the SEC before deciding to invest in Support.com , Inc. stock or to maintain or change your investment .
Within 60 days after receipt of all such required approvals in a given territory , Penumbra , Inc. shall place its initial stocking order for CGuard EPS , for which Penumbra , Inc. will pay one - half of the purchase price upon placing such order and the remainder of the purchase price 30 days after receipt of the CGuard products and InspireMD , Inc. invoice for such CGuard EPS products .
Prior to joining IBERIABANK CORP , Mr. Kottler previously worked for Capital One Bank as Executive Vice President for Small Business Banking , and prior to its merger with Capital One Financial Corporation in 2005 , served Hibernia Corporation as its Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Sales Support Officer .
Mr. Jacobs also served as Executive Vice President of Finance , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of The Hain Celestial Group , Inc. from September 1998 to October 2001 .
Prior to serving as Heat s Controller , Ms. Rosar served as Manager of Financial Reporting and Accounting for LipoScience , Inc. ( acquired by LabCorp ) , a provider of specialized cardiovascular diagnostic tests , from 2013 to 2015 .
Security National Life was formed in 1965 and has acquired or purchased significant blocks of business which include Capital Investors Life Insurance Company ( 1994 ) , Civil Service Employees Life Insurance Company ( 1995 ) , Southern Security Life Insurance Company ( 1998 ) , Menlo Life Insurance Company ( 1999 ) , Acadian Life Insurance Company ( 2002 ) , Paramount Security Life Insurance Company ( 2004 ) , Memorial Insurance Company of America ( 2005 ) , Capital Reserve Life Insurance Company ( 2007 ) , Southern Security Life Insurance Company , Inc. ( 2008 ) , North America Life Insurance Company ( 2011 , 2015 ) , Trans - Western Life Insurance Company ( 2012 ) , Mothe Life Insurance Company ( 2012 ) , DLE Life Insurance Company ( 2012 ) and American Republic Insurance Company ( 2015 ) .
Exhibit 10.49 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 10 - K filed March 13 , 2009 .
As of March 31 , 2017 , Wincash Apolo Gold & Energy , Inc. does not hold any mineral property exploration claims .
Thomas A. Kennedy Thomas A. Kennedy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer February 15 , 2017 .
Kathy Lockhart has served as NOODLES & Co Vice President and Controller since August 2006 .
In September 2015 , Castle Brands Inc issued 88,235 shares of fully vested common stock , or $ 120,000 at the then closing price on the grant date , as additional compensation to E. Malcolm Gosling , President and CEO of GCP .
The EchoStar board of directors may also authorize an annual discretionary contribution to the Plan to be made in cash or Hughes Satellite Systems Corp stock , subject to the maximum deductible limit provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 , as amended .
The accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements of RADIANT CREATIONS GROUP , INC . have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission , and should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto contained in RADIANT CREATIONS GROUP , INC . s most recent Annual Financial Statements filed with the SEC on Form 10 - K.
Specifically , the CFTC found that while MS Co. at all times held sufficient funds in segregation to cover its obligations to its customers , on certain days during 2013 and 2014 , it held currencies , such as euros , instead of U.S. dollars , to meet its U.S. dollar obligations .
The Street Capital Loan is with Heritage Global Inc. s former majority shareholder , Street Capital , and has fluctuated over time .
These Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes included in GPT Operating Partnership LP s Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 and in the Operating Partnership s audited financial statements for the year ended December 31 , 2016 filed as an exhibit to GPT Operating Partnership LP s Form 8 - K filed on June 29 , 2017 .
Included in Carlyle Group L.P. 2015 general , administrative and other expenses for both
At December 31 , 2016 , Piedmont had a 7 percent ownership interest in ACP and a 24 percent ownership interest in Constitution .
Certain information and note disclosure normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America has been omitted from these interim financial statements pursuant to such accounting principles and , accordingly , they do not include all the information and notes necessary for comprehensive interim financial statements and should be read in conjunction with Precise Acquisition , Inc. audited financial statements for the year ended February 28 , 2017 .
Ruth M. Porat , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Alphabet since October 2015 and also Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Google since May 2015 .
Mr. Goodman also serves on the Diabetes Research Institute Foundation s National Board and Executive Committee , as well as the Foundation s Northeast Board and its Executive Committee .
Justice Lewis was a director of Invesco Mutual Funds from 2000 until 2003 , when Invesco became the AIM Mutual Funds , and thereafter served as a director of the AIM Mutual Funds from 2003 to 2006 .
Mr. Hoeweler is the Chief Executive Officer of a diverse group of companies owned by the Hoeweler family , including manufacturing , communications , distribution , business services and venture capital entities .
On March 11 , 2014 , and as amended on July 18 , September 3 , 2014 , September 5 , 2014 and again on December 31 , 2015 , Algae Dynamics Corp. entered into a consulting agreement with Connectus , Inc. to assist and advise Algae Dynamics Corp. in matters concerning corporate finance and Algae Dynamics Corp. s current and proposed financing activities for the period commencing April 1 , 2014 and ending December 31 , 2014 .
STAR BUFFET INC have recently been borrowing required growth capital from STAR BUFFET INC Chief Executive Officer , Robert E. Wheaton , and his wife .
As of March 31 , 2017 , MAGELLAN HEALTH INC held an equity interest of approximately 84 % in AlphaCare Holdings .
Lithium Corp uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( " GAAP " accounting ) .
A 35 - year veteran of the hospitality industry , Mr. Sladich served as President and CEO of the Spokane Regional Convention and Visitors Bureau from 2005 to 2010 , where he played a key role in building and selling the Washington State image .
The difference between Sabre Corp effective tax rates and the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate primarily result from Sabre Corp geographic mix of taxable income in various tax jurisdictions .
Immediately prior to the closing of the Merger , under the terms of a split - off agreement , or the Split - Off Agreement , and a general release agreement , ViewRay , Inc. transferred all of ViewRay , Inc. pre - Merger operating assets and liabilities to ViewRay , Inc. wholly - owned special - purpose subsidiary , Mirax Enterprise Corp , a Nevada corporation , or the Split - Off Subsidiary , formed on July 16 , 2015 .
In connection with the quarterly report of AmpliPhi Biosciences Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Steve R. Martin , Chief Financial Officer of AmpliPhi Biosciences Corp , hereby certify as of the date hereof , solely for purposes of Title 18 , Chapter 63 , Section 1350 of the United States Code ,
Hatteras Financial Corp management agreement requires Hatteras Financial Corp manager to allocate investments between us and ACM by determining the entity for which they believe the investment opportunity is most suitable .
Depreciation and Depreciation cost of services does not include acquisition - related step - up depreciation expense of $ 4.2 million and $ 7.8 million for the years ended December 31 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively , in connection with Macquarie Infrastructure Corp previous 50 % investment in IMTT , which is reported in equity in earnings and amortization charges of investee in Macquarie Infrastructure Corp consolidated statements of operations .
Arthur Smith serves as Digerati Technologies ,
This rate was lower than the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to various tax credits , the geographical mix of CONDUENT Inc earnings and differences in the tax rates at which CONDUENT Inc earnings are taxed .
Steven Hill ( 51 ) has been Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , Investment Pools for the Managing Owner since December 2012 , and was Head of Global ETF Operations from September 2011 to December 2012 .
Losses during fiscal 2014 and 2013 included MARCUS CORP pro - rata share from two hotel joint ventures in which MARCUS CORP had a 15 % ownership interest , a hotel joint venture that MARCUS CORP entered into during fiscal 2013 in which MARCUS CORP have an 11 % ownership interest and a remaining Baymont 50 % joint venture ( operating as a Travelodge ) .
Warner Music Group Corp. has entered into employment arrangements with each of Warner Music Group Corp. Named Executive Officers ( other than Mr. Cooper ) , which establish each executive s base salary and for Mr. Bergen his entitlement to a percentage of Warner Music Group Corp. annual free cash flow under the Plan and , in the case of Messrs. Platt , Levin and Robinson , their annual bonus .
As of September 30 , 2017 , PENN NATIONAL GAMING INC owned , managed , or had ownership interests in twenty - nine facilities in the following seventeen jurisdictions : California , Florida , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Maine , Massachusetts , Mississippi , Missouri , Nevada , New Jersey , New Mexico , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Texas , West Virginia and Ontario , Canada .
Advertising revenues increased due to $ 10.5 million of increased contributions to the IHOP NAF by the large majority of IHOP franchisees as discussed under Events Impacting Comparability of Financial Information - Contributions to IHOP National Advertising Fund and $ 4.8 million due to the increases in domestic franchise same - restaurant sales and restaurant development that also impacted IHOP franchise revenue .
Mr. Young also served on the board of B. Riley Financial , Inc. until his resignation on October 4 , 2016 .
Prior to March 2014 , Ms. Clark served as Senior Vice President , Roaming from January 2011 to March 2014 and as Vice President of Clearing and Settlement from June 2009 to January 2011 .
In January 2014 , U - Swirl entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement ( the CherryBerry Purchase Agreement ) with CherryBerry Enterprises LLC , CherryBerry Corporate LLC , CherryBerry LLC , and their respective owners ( collectively , the CherryBerry Selling Parties ) , pursuant to which U - Swirl acquired the franchise rights of frozen yogurt stores branded as CherryBerry ( the CherryBerry Acquisition ) .
On December 16 , 2014 , Energy Services of America CORP s Nitro Electric subsidiary entered into a 20 - year $ 1.2 million loan agreement with First Bank of Charleston , Inc. ( West Virginia ) to purchase the office building and property it had previously been leasing for $ 6,300 monthly .
Eddystone indicated that it has prevailed or settled an arbitration against Jamex Transfer Services ( JTS ) , then named Bridger Transfer Services , a former subsidiary of Bridger Logistics , LLC ( Bridger ) .
SEARS HOLDINGS CORP operate a national network of stores , with 1,672 full - line and specialty retail stores in the United States , operating as Kmart and Sears .
Dr. Poduska also served as a director of Novell , Inc. until 2011 and of Anadarko Petroleum Corporation and Safeguard Scientifics , Inc. until 2009 .
TransTech s net loss from operations was $ 135,000 for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 as compared to net income of $ 8,000 for the three months ended June 30 .
Kriptech International Corp. provide visa consulting service for visitors to Schengen area ( 26 European countires ) , USA ( visitors visa type B1 / B2 ) , Canada , UK , Australia , China , and/or about 30 other countries .
Difficulties inherent in product development , including the potential inability to successfully continue technological innovation , successfully complete clinical trials , obtain regulatory approvals in the United States and abroad , obtain intellectual property protection for BECTON DICKINSON & CO products , obtain coverage and adequate reimbursement for new products , or gain and maintain market approval of products , as well as the possibility of infringement claims by competitors with respect to patents or other intellectual property rights , all of which can preclude or delay commercialization of a product .
As of December 31 , 2015 , Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. have 1,248,069 shares of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. restricted common stock outstanding , which are subject to vesting and , in some cases , performance requirements , to Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. directors , officers and other employees .
Dubli , a wholly owned subsidiary of Ominto , Inc. has a global network marketing organization with Business Associate representatives in many countries throughout the world .
The 1997 Plan and the 2004 Plan terminated pursuant to their terms as of December 29 , 2007 and May 17 , 2014 , respectively , and TUESDAY MORNING CORP / DE terminated the 2008 Plan as of November 12 , 2014 in connection with the approval of the 2014 Plan .
In addition , RPI purchased $ 10.0 million of CYTOKINETICS INC common stock pursuant to a concurrently executed Common Stock Purchase Agreement with RPI .
Prior to that , Dr. Leung served , from September 1994 to October 2004 , as Senior Director and Head of Investment , Asia for American Express Bank .
( Case No . 2:16 - cv-08295 - ODW ) against us and two individual defendants : Eric Steen , InfuSystem Holdings , Inc current Chief Executive Officer , President and Director ; and Jonathan Foster , InfuSystem Holdings , Inc former Chief Financial Officer .
Net cash used in operating activities of $ 69.9 million during the three months ended March 31 , 2016 was primarily a result of INTERCEPT PHARMACEUTICALS INC $ 126.7 million net loss , partially offset by $ 10.2 million for share - based compensation , the amortization of investment premium of $ 1.5 million and net changes in operating assets and liabilities of $ 10.2 million , including the $ 45.0 million net expense for the settlement of the purported class action lawsuit .
Effective July 1 , 2014 , IMMUNOMEDICS INC entered into the Fifth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Cynthia L. Sullivan pertaining to Ms. Sullivan s service to IMMUNOMEDICS INC as IMMUNOMEDICS INC s President and Chief Executive Officer ( the Amended Sullivan Agreement ) , which terminates on June 30 , 2017 .
As the Federal Reserve Board increases the Fed Funds rate , interest rates will likely rise , which may negatively impact both the housing markets by reducing refinancing activity and new home purchases and the U.S. economic recovery .
Orbital Tracking Corp. pays Mr. Phipps an additional monthly fee of $ 3,000 for his services as a director of Orbital Tracking Corp. On March 3 , 2016 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. Phipps , effective January 1 , 2016 .
Cytosorbents Corp also operate a small office facility in Berlin , Germany housing sales and administrative offices .
Daniel W. Maudlin Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer November 16 , 2017 .
From 2006 to 2015 , Mr. Kapples served as Vice President and Secretary at Covidien , a medical device and pharmaceutical company .
On August 31 , 2017 , BeiGene , Ltd. closed the Celgene Transaction pursuant to which BeiGene , Ltd. were granted the right to exclusively distribute and promote three of Celgene s drugs and one of Celgene s drug candidates in China , excluding Hong Kong , Macau and Taiwan , and acquired Celgene s commercial operations in China .
Prior to his appointment as President , Mr. Hill served as Senior Vice President , Business Development of Cartesian Limited , a wholly - owned subsidiary of the Company .
Howard D. Elias Mr. Elias serves as President , Global Services and IT of Dell Technologies , supporting customers across the Client Solutions and Enterprise Solutions Groups .
Executive Chairmen K. Rupert Murdoch , who serves as News Corp s Executive Chairman , and Lachlan K. Murdoch , who serves as News Corp s Co - Chairman .
The purchasers in the private placement included : Dr. Barer , the chairman of InspireMD , Inc. board of directors , who purchased 33,899 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 16,950 shares of common stock , for a purchase price of $ 500,000 , Osiris Investment Partners , L.P , of which Mr. Stuka , InspireMD , Inc. director , is the principal and managing member , which purchased 5,085 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 2,543 shares of common stock , for a purchase price of $ 75,000 , Mr. Loughlin , who served as InspireMD , Inc. director until May 24 , 2016 , purchased 2,000 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 1,000 shares of common stock , for a purchase price of $ 29,500 and Dr. Rogers , InspireMD , Inc. director , who purchased 339 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 170 shares of common stock , for a purchase price of $ 5,000 .
John J. Suydam John J. Suydam Vice President and Secretary .
HYPERDYNAMICS CORP plan to use HYPERDYNAMICS CORP existing cash to fund HYPERDYNAMICS CORP general corporate needs and HYPERDYNAMICS CORP expenditures associated with the Concession , including HYPERDYNAMICS CORP share of future capital expenditures that are not paid by Tullow on HYPERDYNAMICS CORP behalf .
Mr. Weeraratne has served as NGFC Equities , Inc. Chief Executive Officer and member of NGFC Equities , Inc. board of directors since inception and took over also the position of Chief Financial Officer as of August 6 , 2014 .
On August 19 , 2015 , Boxlight Corp issued a convertible promissory note to James Lofgren , spouse of Sheri Lofgren , Boxlight Corp s Chief Financial Officer , in the amount of $ 45,000 .
Since leaving the government , Mr. Hoeper has been an active participant and presenter at conferences focusing on general corporate governance and the specific governance needs of companies , like Versar , that focus on government contracts .
CIENA CORP total deferred revenue for services was $ 143.2 million and $ 137.7 million as of January 31 , 2017 and October 31 , 2016 , respectively .
According to the NASDAQ definition , Jason Sakowski is not an independent director because he is also an executive officer of Pacificorp Holdings Ltd. Review , Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons .
40 Years Nola Gross , Community Office Manager , Coudersport 35 Years Joan Rohe , Staff Accountant , Towanda Mark Miller , MIS Network Administrator , Wellsboro Teresa Mitchell , Staff Accountant , Wellsboro 25 Years Brenda Whiteley , Mortgage Loan Sales Officer , Dushore Kathleen Heimbach , Business Development Sales Officer , Troy Lynn Errico , Accounts Payable Specialist , Wellsboro 20 Years Joanna Mason , Customer Service Representative , Emporium Karen Blackwell , Quality Control Specialist , Wellsboro Kimberlea Whiting , Mortgage Loan Sales Officer , Emporium 15 Years Courtney Baker , Community Office Manager , Ralston Dawn Shoemaker , Customer Service Representative , Dushore Denise Mattison , Deposit Operations Representative , Wellsboro Janelle Tombs , Credit Analyst Team Leader , Wellsboro Janice Wilcox , MIS PC Technician , Wellsboro Janis Bartlett , Customer Service Representative , Muncy Jennifer Schultz , Trust Account Administrator , Sayre Laura Losinger , Customer Service Specialist , Knoxville Mark Hughes , Director of Finance Division , Wellsboro Melanie Kellogg , Customer Service Representative , Athens Michael Wetzel , Senior Commercial Loan Sales Officer , Coudersport Philip Prough , Director Financial Services Delivery , Wellsboro Roberta Dieffenbach , Customer Transaction Specialist , Wellsboro Ruth Wilkinson , New Employee HR Technician , Wellsboro Stacey Keener , Customer Service Representative , Sayre Thomas Rudy , Director Branch Delivery , Wellsboro 10 Years Amy Haskins , Customer Service Representative , Knoxville Anna Phelps , Customer Service Representative , Liberty Bonnie Hargarther , Staff Auditor , Wellsboro Brandi Nowakowski , Loan Processor - Collateral Specialist , Wellsboro Brian Tevlin , Regional Manager of Financial Services Delivery , Wellsboro Carol Ellenberger , Customer Service Representative , Canisteo Christina Merwine , Compliance Officer , Wellsboro Cody Bowen , Trainer , Wellsboro Ellen Black , Customer Transaction Specialist , Ralston Kevin Dougherty , Senior Commercial Loan Sales Officer , Sayre Linda Macensky , Community Office Manager , Wellsboro Marlene King , Customer Transaction Specilaist , Knoxville Samantha Pecynski Deposit Operations Specialist , Wellsboro Sara Jennings , Trust Administrative Assistant , Sayre Stacy Elliott , Regional Community Office Manager , Old Lycoming [ 14 ] teamwork excellence respect responsibility and accountability integrity client - focus fun .
Ongoing compliance with good manufacturing practice and other applicable regulatory requirements is strictly enforced in the United States through periodic inspections by state and federal agencies , including the FDA , and in international jurisdictions by comparable agencies .
The Offices of Attorneys General in California and Florida have requested information relating to the pricing of LILLY ELI & CO insulin products .
Mr. Timothy Johns , a member of the Hawaiian Electric Board of Directors , is an executive officer of Hawaii Medical Service Association ( HMSA ) .
Pursuant to an Executive Employment Agreement dated as of July 1 , 2015 , Dr. Carr Bettis is employed as AUDIOEYE INC Executive Chairman .
As a result , when comparing 2017 to 2016 , HEXION INC . results in the first quarter of 2017 exclude these divested businesses , while HEXION INC . results in the first quarter of 2016 include net sales of $ 87 and Segment EBITDA of $ 15 related to these divested businesses .
Mr. Zerr serves as a Director , Vice President and Secretary of Invesco Investment Services , Inc , a registered transfer agency since May 2007 .
Under this evergreen agreement , Columbia provides receipts at Leach , Kentucky and deliveries of 14,714 dts / d to New Jersey .
Cash used by operations included CYBEROPTICS CORP net loss of $ 2.1 million , which included non - cash expenses totaling $ 2.2 million for depreciation and amortization , provision for doubtful accounts , deferred taxes , non - cash gains from foreign currency transactions and stock compensation expenses .
American Addiction Centers , Inc , AAC Holdings , Inc. direct operating subsidiary ( AAC ) , has entered into written management services agreements with each of the Professional Groups under which AAC provides management and other administrative services to the Professional Groups .
Reliance Bank provides full banking services to businesses and residents within the Story City and Garner communities and surrounding areas .
Pursuant to the terms of an MSR recapture agreement , if PLS refinances through its consumer direct lending business mortgage loans for which PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust previously held the MSRs , PLS is generally required to transfer and convey to one of PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust s wholly - owned subsidiaries without cost to PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust , the MSRs with respect to new mortgage loans originated in those refinancings ( or , under certain circumstances , other mortgage loans ) that have an aggregate unpaid principal balance that is not less than 30 % of the aggregate unpaid principal balance of all the loans so originated .
Increases in Entergy Texas s payable to the money pool are a source of cash flow , and Entergy Texas s payable to the money pool increased by $ 39.2 million for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 compared to decreasing by $ 22.1 million for the six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
Below are key events and issues , including major project updates , that affected SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO business in 2015 ; some of these may continue to affect SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO future results .
Ms. Propes has served as chief executive officer of MVP Group International , Inc. since 1998 and MVP Textiles Apparel since 2005 .
Mr. Pagoulatos and Mr. Rezitis will serve as chief operating officer and chief technology officer , respectively , of Bright Mountain Media , Inc.
Prior to the completion of the Transactions , GE O G and Baker Hughes were headquartered in London , England and Houston , Texas , respectively .
Astea Alliance license revenues decreased $ 320,000 to $ 1,365,000 or 19 % in the first nine months of 2017 from $ 1,685,000 in the first nine months of 2016 .
FelCor Lodging LP 2013 net loss includes a $ 28.8 million impairment charge ( $ 24.4 million related to two hotels included in continuing operations and $ 4.4 million related to two hotels included in discontinued operations ) , offset by a $ 19.4 million net gain on hotel sales included in discontinued operations .
Green Bancorp , Inc. conduct Green Bancorp , Inc. operations almost exclusively in Texas which imposes risks and may magnify the consequences of any regional or local economic downturn affecting Texas , including any downturn in the energy , technology or real estate sectors .
Mr. Welters also served on the Board of Directors of Quest Communication from 2006 - 2011 .
( 1 ) Mr. Wright began serving as Vice President , Corporate and Business Development on March 21 , 2016 .
Mr. Wallace also previously served on the board of directors of certain of these companies subsequent to their public offerings , including Media Arts Group Inc , Zycon Corp , and International Family Entertainment , KMCI and Mr. Coffee .
If Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. become able to have Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. shares of common stock quoted on the OTCBB , Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. will then try , through a broker - dealer and its clearing firm , to become eligible with the Depository Trust Company ( DTC ) to permit Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. shares to trade electronically .
Pazoo , Inc. net loss decreased to $ 1,933,868 for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 compared to $ 4,342,042 for the same period in 2016 .
The purchase price for the contracts of $ 250,000 was paid by Orbital Tracking Corp. under an asset purchase agreement by and among Orbital Tracking Corp , its wholly - owned subsidiary Orbital Satcom , GTC and World Surveillance Group , Inc.
From 2005 to December 2011 , Mr. Post served as Chairman , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of TravelClick , a leading provider of global , hotel e - commerce solutions that supports more than 15,000 customers across 140 countries , including Blackstone , Hilton , Hyatt , Accor , Marriott and Trump .
At July 31 , 2017 , MVC CAPITAL , INC . s investment in SCSD consisted of 784 shares of class B common stock with a cost basis and fair value of approximately $ 5.5 million .
Accordingly , the accompanying financial statements include ( 1 ) the historical financial information for CIM Urban for all periods presented , ( 2 ) the assets and liabilities of PMC Commercial acquired on March 11 , 2014 and still owned or held by us in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively and ( 3 ) the results of PMC Commercial s operations and cash flows in the consolidated statements of operations and cash flows from the Acquisition Date .
Organization and Significant Accounting Policies Description of Business NuVasive , Inc. ( the Company or NuVasive ) was incorporated in Delaware on July 21 , 1997 , and began commercializing its products in 2001 .
The loss of sufficient and reliable access to rail capacity in the PRB , as CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . have experienced in recent years , could create disruption until this access was restored ; significantly impairing CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . ability to supply coal and resulting in materially decreased revenue .
The Pamplona Entities have influence over Lumos Networks Corp. business and their interests may not always coincide with the interests of the holders of Lumos Networks Corp. common stock .
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company has caused this Agreement to be signed by its President , attested by its Secretary and its corporate seal affixed hereunto , and Silva has affixed his hand and seal as of the date first above written .
2015 Acquisition On June 24 , 2015 , the Partnership acquired a 100 % interest in the Maryland Solar Project Entity , and a 49 % indirect interest in each of the Solar Gen 2 Project , the North Star Project and the Lost Hills Blackwell Project .
Terrorist attacks and the threat of such attacks have contributed to economic instability in the United States and elsewhere , and further acts or threats of terrorism , violence , war or hostilities could similarly affect world trade and the industries in which CAI International , Inc. and CAI International , Inc. customers operate .
Cytosorbents Corp Common Stock is thinly traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market exchange and no assurances can be made about stock performance , liquidity , or maintenance of Cytosorbents Corp NASDAQ listing .
From 2002 to 2011 , Mr. Sill was Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of SecurityNational Mortgage .
Jenna Foster , a former GTCL Shareholder and the Secretary of GTCL , was appointed director of Orbital Tracking Corp. on February 19 , 2015 .
Nuverra Environmental Solutions , Inc. consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements ( Nos . 333 - 159086 , 333 - 182068 , and 333 - 190678 ) on Form S-8 , the registration statement ( No . 333 - 211189 ) on Form S-3 , and the registration statements ( Nos . 333 - 182400 and 333 - 188810 ) on Form S-4 of Nuverra Environmental Solutions , Inc. of Nuverra Environmental Solutions , Inc. report dated March 11 , 2016 , with respect to the consolidated balance sheet of Nuverra Environmental Solutions , Inc. and subsidiaries ( the Company ) as of December 31 , 2015 , and the related consolidated statements of operations , changes in equity , and cash flows for each of the years in the two - year period ended December 31 , 2015 , which report appears in the December 31 , 2016 Annual Report on Form 10 - K of Nuverra Environmental Solutions , Inc. Nuverra Environmental Solutions , Inc. report on the consolidated financial statements dated March 11 , 2016 contains an explanatory paragraph that states that Nuverra Environmental Solutions , Inc. has incurred recurring losses from operations and has limited cash resources , which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern .
Since 2006 , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp have owned and operated businesses in the four lines in which Macquarie Infrastructure Corp operate today , having acquired a 50 % interest in IMTT in May 2006 and Hawaii Gas in June of that year .
On December 14 , 2015 , OCIB entered into an agreement with OCI Fertilizer Trade Supply B.V , an international trader of ammonia , to supply OCI Fertilizers Trade Supply B.V. with commercial grade anhydrous ammonia .
Georgia Power , acting for itself and as agent for the Vogtle Owners , entered into an interim assessment agreement with the Contractor and WECTEC Staffing Services LLC ( WECTEC Staffing ) , as of March 29 , 2017 ( Interim Assessment Agreement ) , to provide for a continuation of work with respect to Plant Vogtle Units 3 and 4 .
On August 15 , 2014 , Mr. McMachen , InCapta , Inc. s sole board member , and chief executive officer , president , and secretary / treasurer of InCapta , Inc , appointed John Fleming as a new member of InCapta , Inc. s board of directors .
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc , its wholly - owned subsidiary Alta Disposal Ltd. and its 51 % owned subsidiary Alta Disposal Morinville Ltd. ( formerly Bluetap Resources Ltd. ) .
As a result , MacAndrews Forbes is able to elect the entire Board of Directors of Revlon , Inc. and Products Corporation and control the vote on all matters submitted to a vote of Revlon , Inc. 's and Products Corporation 's stockholders .
The decrease in equity in earnings in 2015 compared with 2014 is due to the consolidation of IMTT s results from July 16 , 2014 and thereafter compared with the equity method of accounting for IMTT s results prior to the acquisition date .
From 1983 until March 1997 , Eric held various positions at Sun Microsystems , Inc , a supplier of network computing solutions , including Chief Technology Officer from February 1994 to March 1997 , and President of Sun Technology Enterprises from February 1991 until February 1994 .
In connection with Mr. Sereda s appointment as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , Energous Corp and Mr. Sereda executed an offer letter effective July 13 , 2015 ( the Sereda Offer Letter ) .
In addition , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp and several of its subsidiaries have entered into a licensing agreement with the Macquarie Group related to the use of the Macquarie name and trademark .
In August 2014 , Immune Design Corp. entered into an agreement with Sanofi under which Immune Design Corp. granted Sanofi an exclusive license for use of Immune Design Corp. GLAAS platform to discover , develop and commercialize products to treat peanut allergy .
Robert A. Lerman Robert A. Lerman President , Chief Executive Officer Treasurer , and Chief Financial Officer .
W. Paul Bowers Executive Vice President Age 59 Elected in 2001 .
On January 27 , 2016 , Sillerman Investment Company VI LLC ( SIC VI ) , an affiliate of Robert F.X. Sillerman , the Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc , entered into a secured revolving loan agreement ( the Secured Revolving Loan ) with DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. and its subsidiaries , wetpaint.com , Inc. and Choose Digital Inc. ( collectively , the Subsidiaries ) , pursuant to which DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. can borrow up to $ 1,500 .
From 2014 to January 2017 , Mr. Cruz served as Vice President , K - C Latin America - Brazil and from 2011 to 2013 , he served as Managing Director , K - C Eastern Europe .
SCANSOURCE , INC . operate in the United States , Canada , Latin America and Europe .
Although the majority of sales of TransDigm Group INC products are made to customers ( including distributors ) located in the United States , TransDigm Group INC products are ultimately sold to and used by customers , including airlines and other end users of aircraft , throughout the world .
In December 2014 , TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . contributed its interests in Shine Group into Endemol Shine Group , a joint venture .
Raymond S. Napolitan , Jr. ( 58 ) , was named Executive Vice President of Fabricated Construction Products in June 2013 , having previously served as President of Nucor s Vulcraft / Verco group from 2010 to 2013 and President of American Buildings Company from 2007 to 2010 .
Thus , as the value of the U.S. dollar strengthens relative to the currencies of RESOURCES CONNECTION INC non - United States based operations , RESOURCES CONNECTION INC translated revenue ( and expenses ) will be lower ; conversely , if the value of the U.S. dollar weakens relative to the currencies of RESOURCES CONNECTION INC non - United States based operations , RESOURCES CONNECTION INC translated revenue ( and expenses ) will be higher .
High inflation may in the future cause the Chinese government to impose controls on credit and/or prices , or to take other action , which could inhibit economic activity in China , and thereby harm the market for YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . products and services and YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . company .
Name Title Terry D. McCallister Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Vincent L. Ammann , Jr. Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Adrian P. Chapman President and Chief Operating Officer Luanne S. Gutermuth Senior Vice President , Shared Services and Chief Human Resource Officer Leslie T. Thornton Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary .
The Company is a Controlled Corporation because a group that includes RPC INC s Chairman of the Board , R. Randall Rollins and his brother , Gary W. Rollins , who is also a director of RPC INC , and certain companies under their control , controls in excess of fifty percent of RPC INC s voting power .
In order to market ENDOCYTE INC products in the European Union and many other non - U.S. jurisdictions , ENDOCYTE INC must obtain separate regulatory approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements .
The following table summarizes Heritage Global Inc. consolidated results of operations for 2015 and 2014 ( in thousands ) .
D uring the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , there were no material changes to the contractual obligations reported in CIGNA CORP s 2016 Form 10 - K. The preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts and related disclosures in the Consolidated Financial Statements .
For the full year 2016 , Chicken Soup for the Soul Entertainment , Inc. revenue was $ 8.1 million , as compared to 2015 revenue for the full year of $ 1.5 million .
34 Net loss Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. incurred net losses of $ 4,505,000 and $ 4,403,000 for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively .
Neither of the aforementioned officers and directors resignations were from any disagreement on any matter relating to ORION FINANCIAL GROUP Inc s operations , policies , or practice , nor regarding the general direction of ORION FINANCIAL GROUP Inc. Effective on May 26 , 2017 , ORION FINANCIAL GROUP Inc appointed Joshua Nadav to serve as President , CEO , CFO , Treasurer , Secretary and Chairman of the Board .
Mr. Fan has served as Managing Director and Country Manager for the Greater China region at Analog Devices ,
In addition , FelCor Lodging LP pay approximately 3.5 to 4 % of room revenues as marketing and reservation system contributions for the systemwide benefit of Embassy Suites Hotels .
Per the agreement , Canopy Growth is exclusively licensed to distribute Skinvisible 's topical products in Canada , and shall have a first right of refusal for all other countries , excluding China and the United States .
SCS provides consumer credit services through its propriety underwriting model with an office located in Hurst , Texas .
The Colomer U.S. Subsidiaries became additional guarantors in January 2014 and the New U.S. Subsidiaries became additional guarantors in January and May 2015 , in each case under Products Corporation 's Amended Term Loan Facility and Amended Revolving Credit Facility and the 5 % Senior Notes Indenture .
Section 16(a ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , requires Avalon Globocare Corp. directors , executive officers and persons who own more than 10 % of Avalon Globocare Corp. common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other of Avalon Globocare Corp. equity securities .
The identified material weaknesses resulted from KMG CHEMICALS INC personnel not having sufficient knowledge , experience and skills to handle both the demands of financial reporting in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2015 and the added burden of the implementation and stabilization of KMG CHEMICALS INC new ERP system in that quarter , and also resulted from failures in the control environment and monitoring activities over KMG CHEMICALS INC operations in France .
Mr. Saracino has also served as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of RE Capital Fund and RE Capital Fund - T since December 2015 , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Corporate Fund and Corporate Master Fund since July 2015 and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Corporate Fund - T since November 2015 .
Ms. Perrotty served as an independent director of American Realty Capital Hospitality Trust , Inc. ( ARC HOST ) from September 2013 until September 2014 , as an independent director of American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust , Inc.
Mr. Fourteau served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Shionogi from 2008 until 2010 .
Accordingly , the 2015 Grace named executive officers are also the " named executive officers " of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. included in the Summary Compensation Table set forth below under " Compensation Tables " in respect of 2015 .
Ronald Crystal , M.D , Chairman , Department of Genetic Medicine , the Bruce Webster Professor of Internal Medicine and a Professor of Genetic Medicine and of Medicine at Weill Cornell Medicine , served as a consultant to Annapurna since inception and continues to provide services to Adverum Biotechnologies , Inc. for the annual compensation of up to $ 0.3 million .
Orbital Tracking Corp. was originally incorporated in 1997 in Florida .
In March 2011 , this license agreement was amended to grant Swatch exclusive rights as to watches , but non - exclusive as to Apple , and LIQUIDMETAL TECHNOLOGIES INC license agreement with LLPG was simultaneously amended to exclude watches from LLPG s rights .
Mr. Manning sits on the Board of Directors of the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library in Boston , where he serves as Chairman of the Distinguished Visitors Program .
The Trip Spin - Off was completed on August 27 , 2014 and effected as a pro rata dividend of shares of TripCo to the stockholders of Series A and Series B Liberty Ventures common stock of Liberty .
In the event CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT are assessed additional income taxes , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT business , financial condition , and results of operations could be adversely affected .
Mr. England serves on the Audit Committees of the General Partner and Enbridge Management , FuelCell Energy , Inc , Midcoast Holdings , L.L.C. and Enbridge Inc.
Prior to purchasing ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN , LLC in 2008 , Mr. Gatto held various positions in the firm , including Executive Vice President and Chief Acquisitions Officer , Executive Vice President - Business Development and Associate General Counsel .
Depending upon the timing , duration and specifics of the FDA approval of the use of Hoverink Biotechnologies , Inc. pharmaceutical product candidates , some of Hoverink Biotechnologies , Inc. products covered by U.S. patents may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 , commonly referred to as the Hatch - Waxman Amendments .
By : Franklin Mutual Advisors , LLC By : /s/ Shawn Tumulty Name : Shawn Tumulty Title : Vice President as a lender .
As consideration to International Compass for agreeing to enter into the amending agreement , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. agreed to pay Mr. Kleinlein an aggregate of $ 30,000 , payable in Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. S-8 shares with a deemed price per share equal to the volume weighted average trading close price of the shares in the five trading days immediately preceding the amending agreement .
As of December 31 , 2016 , WELLCARE HEALTH PLANS , INC . operated Medicaid health plans in Arizona , Florida , Georgia , Hawaii , Illinois , Kentucky , Missouri , New Jersey , New York and South Carolina .
On February 11 , 2016 , Orbital Tracking Corp. issued an aggregate of 136,612 shares of common stock to IRTH in accordance with the agreement to settle the $ 100,000 worth of shares of Orbital Tracking Corp. 's common stock , which is amortized over the period of service .
Michael J. Massey has served as a Director on OFFICE DEPOT INC Board since August 2013 .
The Partnership s operations are located in the United States and are organized into two reporting segments : ( 1 ) gathering and compression and ( 2 ) water handling and treatment .
Little West 12 t h , which commenced operations on September 8 , 2006 , operates a restaurant known as STK located in New York , New York .
The following table sets forth key components of 1847 Holdings LLC results of operations during the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and September 30 , 2016 , both in dollars and as a percentage of 1847 Holdings LLC revenues .
GENESEE & WYOMING INC results for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 included a $ 2.9 million loss from the mark - to - market impact of the GRail Intercompany Loan compared to the cross - currency swaps ( $ 2.9 million after - tax , or $ 0.05 per diluted share ) .
After assessing the guidance , Alliant Energy , IPL and WPL decided in 2014 to implement the new units of property by filing a tax accounting method change as part of Alliant Energy s U.S. federal income tax return for the calendar year 2013 .
The following tables summarize total assets and total liabilities as of December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 and the results of operations for National General Holdings Corp. s unconsolidated equity method investment in the LSC Entities for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 .
Common Stock On February 9 , 2017 , in connection with and in furtherance of the non - employee director compensation program ( See Note 4 ) , the Board approved the award of 40,000 restricted shares of ORAGENICS INC s common stock to each of ORAGENICS INC s non - employee directors , Frederick Telling , Charles Pope , Alan Dunton , and Robert Koski under ORAGENICS INC s 2012 Equity Incentive Plan of which a total of 20,000 restricted shares vested on June 30 , 2017 for each non - employee director and the remainder will vest at the end of each calendar quarter in 2017 provided the recipient remains a director through the vesting date .
could pay Ms. Miller the total gross amount of one hundred twenty thousand dollars ( $ 120,000 ) as follows : 2 ) CEREBAIN BIOTECH CORP . could pay Ms. Miller the total gross amount of one hundred thousand dollars ( $ 100,000 ) as follows : 3 ) CEREBAIN BIOTECH CORP . could pay Ms. Miller the total gross amount of one hundred ten thousand dollars ( $ 110,000 ) as follows : Upon all payments being made pursuant to the terms set forth in the agreement , Ms. Miller has agreed to knowingly and voluntarily release and discharge us of and from all claims , demands , liabilities , obligations , promises , controversies , compensation , wages , bonuses , commissions , damages , rights , actions and causes of action known and unknown , at law or in equity , which Ms. Miller has or may have against us as of the date of execution of the settlement agreement .
As a result of the above , IMMUNOMEDICS INC can not assure you that IMMUNOMEDICS INC common stock will be listed on a national securities exchange , a national quotation service , the OTC Bulletin Board or the Pink Sheets ; or if it is to be listed , whether or not there would be an interruption in the trading of IMMUNOMEDICS INC common stock .
In Brazil , where there are fewer third - party financing sources available to farmers , MOSAIC CO also have several programs under which MOSAIC CO guarantee customers financing from financial institutions that they use to purchase MOSAIC CO products .
On April 1 , 2015 , eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp entered into an Operating Agreement with Evolution Physical Therapy ( EPT ) , a company owned by one of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp s officers , wherein it is agreed that EPT would be able to operate eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp s telemedicine platform www .
the last day of the fiscal year in which Garrison Capital Inc. total annual gross revenues first exceed $ 1.0 billion ; .
further amended POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . $ 90.0 million credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank , National Association to increase POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . revolving line of credit facility to $ 100.0 million and $ 125.0 million , respectively .
Under U.S. GAAP , ICON ECI Fund Sixteen use projected cash flows for fair value measurement of this financial asset .
Mr. Hongke Xue previously served as SkyPeople Fruit Juice , Inc s Chief Executive Officer from February 18 , 2013 to December 24 , 2014 .
Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , ( the Exchange Act ) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code ( 18 U.S.C. 1350 ) , Barry Mainz , President and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) of MobileIron , Inc. ( the Company ) , and Simon Biddiscombe , Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) of MOBILEIRON , INC , each hereby certifies that , to the best of his or her knowledge : .
More detailed information about STATE STREET CORP consolidated financial results , including comparisons of STATE STREET CORP financial results for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 to those for the quarter ended June 30 , 2016 and for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 to those for the six months ended June 30 , 2016 , is provided under Consolidated Results of Operations , which follows these sections .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT believe that CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT audits provide a reasonable basis for CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT opinion .
An Ominto subsidiary operates DubLi Network , a worldwide network marketing business that allows entrepreneurs to build a business by marketing
Exhibit 10.2 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed October 19 , 2015 .
In connection with the Annual Report of Safeguard Scientifics , Inc. ( Safeguard ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Stephen T. Zarrilli , President and Chief Executive Officer of Safeguard , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Thongda Nathathai Thongda President and Director Principal and Executive Officer Principal Financial Officer Principal Accounting Officer 11 .
Excluding the additional week of sales in the first quarter of 2014 , revenues increased approximately 12.2 % in Consumer Products .
Stephen C. Gray President and Chief Executive Officer ; and Director Robert F. Reich Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer David W. Hitchcock Executive Vice President , Global Product Management Development Alfredo T. de C rdenas President of Global Sales and Service , Chief Sales Officer Laura E. Binion Senior Vice President and General Counsel Mary P. Clark Chief Marketing Officer Joseph DiFonzo Chief Technology Officer Leigh M. Hennen Chief Human Resources Officer Edmond B. Lewis Chief Strategy Officer John T. McRae Chief Information Officer David H. Ratner President , Enterprise Solutions John P. Wick , Jr.
Chip Perry Chip Perry President and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
On April 19 , 2012 , Mr. Keith White , the patent owner , assigned Patent application number 61/489.588 titled Atmospheric Water Generator to
The interest of the Pamplona Entities may not always coincide with the interests of Lumos Networks Corp. stockholders .
Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement , dated June 30 , 2017 , by and between Virtu Financial LLC , VFH Parent LLC , the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A. Temasek Investment Agreement , dated April 20 , 2017 , by and between Virtu Financial , Inc. and Aranda Investments Pte . Ltd. ( incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Virtu Financial , Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q ( File No . 001 - 37352 ) , filed on May 10 , 2017 ) .
Joway Health Industries Group Inc net loss was $ 179,358 for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , compared to $ 450,091 for the six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
Apollo , as general partner of AAA Investments , is generally entitled to a carried interest that allocates to it 20 % of the realized returns ( net of related expenses , including borrowing costs ) on the investments of AAA Investments , except that Apollo is not entitled to receive any carried interest with respect to the shares of Athene Holding that were acquired ( and not in satisfaction of prior commitments to buy such shares ) by AAA Investments in the contribution of certain assets by AAA to Athene in October 2012 .
MCBC Holdings , Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer , Terry McNew , has 30 years of boating industry experience .
In addition to CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . agreement with Westshore , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . hold option contracts to potentially increase CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC .
Suite 300 , 840 6 Avenue SW Calgary , Alberta T2P 3E5 Attention : Alex Walsh , President Telephone : ( 403 ) 930 - 1925 Email : aw@lithiumexplorationgroup.com .
Name : David M. Goldenberg , Sc . D , M.D. Titl e : President and Chief Executive Officer .
Management s discussion and analysis of SkyPeople Fruit Juice , Inc financial condition and results of operations is based upon SkyPeople Fruit Juice , Inc consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP .
During the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 , AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES INC settled its ongoing tax audit in Italy for the years 2011 to 2013 resulting in a net tax expense of $ 7 million .
Pursuant to the terms of a Foreclosure Purchase and Sale Agreement with Motion and Square 1 Bank , Motion s senior secured lender , XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP subsidiary , Xplore Technologies Corporation of America , purchased certain of Motion s assets , including cash , cash equivalents , accounts receivable , inventory , equipment , personal property and other assets .
From 1996 to 2001 , Mr. Kennedy was an auditor with Arthur Andersen LLP focusing on the Natural Resources industry .
9 million of interest expense , $ 1.6 million of segment profit , $ 527.0 million of total assets and $ 535.5 million of capital expenditures ( including non - cash ) from the SkyWest Airlines segment to the SkyWest Leasing segment for the year ended December 31 , 2014 to reflect the respective E175 activity in the SkyWest Leasing segment for 2014 .
Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. was incorporated under the laws of the state of California on September 10 , 2009 , under the name Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc.
Colony NorthStar , Inc. holds an approximate 4.4 % interest in the REIT Securities Venture , accounted for under the equity method .
Despite the material weakness reported above , China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc management believes that China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc financial condition , results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented due to the fact that China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc have retained a consultant who has U.S. GAAP experience to assist us in the preparation of China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc consolidated financial statements .
Operating Executive Consulting Agreement by and between Carlyle Investment Management L.L.C. and James H. Hance , dated as of November 1 , 2012 ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q filed with the SEC on November 13 , 2012 ) .
In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10 - Q of Centrus Energy Corp. for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , Daniel B. Poneman , President and Chief Executive Officer , and Stephen S. Greene , Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer , each hereby certifies , that , to his knowledge : .
Amortization of intangibles for both periods primarily includes amortization expense recognized for intangible assets recorded from the acquisition of Walker in May 2012 and the acquisition of certain assets of Beall in February 2013 .
Hatteras Financial Corp subsidiary s status a Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae approved servicer is subject to compliance with each of their respective selling and servicing guidelines , minimum capital requirements and other conditions they may impose from time to time at their discretion .
The following table summarizes DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. 's stock option activity for six months ended December 31 , 2015 : .
Planet Fitness , Inc. effective tax rate of 39.4 % was calculated using the U.S. federal income tax rate and the statutory rates applied to income apportioned to each state and local jurisdiction .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Select Medical Holdings Corporation and Select Medical Corporation ( the Company ) for the period ended March 31 , 2017 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , SELECT MEDICAL CORP , David S. Chernow and Martin F. Jackson , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer , respectively , of SELECT MEDICAL CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to SELECT MEDICAL CORP knowledge : .
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of Vitality Biopharma , Inc. Board of Directors consists of Dr. Dhillon and Dr. Maida , with Dr. Dhillon serving as Chairman .
Selling , general and administrative expenses increased in 2014 compared with 2013 primarily as a result of the consolidation of IMTT s results , increases in legal and transaction costs primarily related to the IMTT Acquisition and the acquisition activities at both Atlantic Aviation and CP E. Fees to Manager .
The tax expense recorded during the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 includes a discrete charge for a Swiss withholding tax related to the transferring of Black Diamond Equipment s European operations from Basel , Switzerland to Innsbruck , Austria , and a discrete charge for a potential tax liability related to a tax audit associated with the formal closure and liquidation of Clarus Corp s Black Diamond Equipment manufacturing operations in Zhuhai , China .
Name Age Position Richard P. McKenney President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director Timothy G. Arnold Executive Vice President , President and Chief Executive Officer , Colonial Life Breege A. Farrell Executive Vice President , Chief Investment Officer Lisa G. Iglesias Executive Vice President , General Counsel Christopher J. Jerome Executive Vice President , Global Services John F. McGarry Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Peter G. O ' Donnell President and Chief Executive Officer , Unum UK Michael Q. Simonds Executive Vice President , President and Chief Executive Officer , Unum US .
The following table summarizes UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES INC results of operations and is used in the discussion below for the six - month periods ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 ( dollar amounts in thousands ): .
During the first quarter of the Transition Period , MARCUS CORP purchased the SafeHouse in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , adding another restaurant to MARCUS CORP portfolio .
The information contained in this report , including the information set forth under the heading Risk Factors contained herein and in KMG CHEMICALS INC Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended July 31 , 2015 , identifies additional factors that could cause KMG CHEMICALS INC results or performance to differ materially from those KMG CHEMICALS INC express in KMG CHEMICALS INC forward - looking statements .
In order for us to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and not as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation , Carlyle Group L.P. must meet the Qualifying Income Exception discussed above on a continuing basis and Carlyle Group L.P. must not be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act .
IXYS CORP /DE/ operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter - to - quarter and year - to - year .
LSB INDUSTRIES INC gross profit decreased $ 44.4 million in 2015 when compared to 2014 .
Supplemental Executive Retirement Agreements ( SERP ) between CenterState Banks , Inc. and John C. Corbett and James J. Antal ( Incorporated by reference to Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2 to CenterState Banks , Inc. s Form 8 - K dated July 14 , 2010 . ) * .
KonaRed Corp were incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 4 , 2010 and KonaRed Corp predecessor operating business was incorporated in the State of Hawaii on August 22 , 2008 .
These forward - looking statements represent CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT assumptions , expectations and beliefs only as of the date of this 10 - K. Except for CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT ongoing obligations to disclose certain information under the federal securities laws , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT are not obligated , and assume no obligation , to update these forward - looking statements , even though CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT situation may change in the future .
Mr. Garrett first joined Documentum as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 1997 , holding that position through October 1999 and then re - joining Documentum as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in 2002 .
In December 2010 , the FDIC set the minimum reserve ratio at 2.00 % .
In 2015 , Nucor increased its quarterly base dividend , resulting in dividends paid of $ 479.4 million in 2015 compared with $ 475.1 million in 2014 .
The geographic mix of earnings of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC foreign subsidiaries will primarily depend on the level of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC service provider subsidiaries pretax income , which is recorded as an expense by the U.S. and Swiss subsidiaries and the benefit that is realized in the U.S. and Switzerland through the sales of product .
Maintenance expense increased $ 0.3 million during 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to the amortization of previously deferred costs that were approved for recovery in SJG 's September 2014 rate case settlement .
If IMMUNOMEDICS INC common stock would not be able to be traded on the OTC Bulletin Board , IMMUNOMEDICS INC would make every effort to have it available for trading on the National Quotation Bureau s Pink Sheets , or the Pink Sheets .
Sales and marketing expenses decreased by $ 1.6 million , or 10.0 % , for the three months ended October 31 , 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 primarily as a result of a $ 1.1 million decrease in personnel costs related to Bazaarvoice Inc 's April 2017 restructuring activities ( see " Restructuring Costs " in the " Overview " section above and Note 6 to Bazaarvoice Inc consolidated financial statements for further discussion ) .
To ensure proper compliance of Orient Paper Inc. s control over the ownership and operations of Orient Paper HB with certain PRC regulations , on June 24 , 2009 , Orient Paper Inc. entered into a series of contractual agreements ( the Contractual Agreements ) with Orient Paper HB and Orient Paper HB Equity Owners via Orient Paper Inc. s wholly owned subsidiary Shengde Holdings Inc ( Shengde Holdings ) a Nevada corporation and Baoding Shengde Paper Co , Ltd.
Mu Chun Lin , director , principal executive officer , principal financial officer , principal accounting officer .
From August 2005 to May 2009 , Mr. MacLellan was co - founder and vice chairman at Ocean Smart , Inc , a Canadian based aquaculture company .
Destiny Media Technologies Inc. ( the Company ) was incorporated in August 1998 under the laws of the State of Colorado and the corporate jurisdiction was changed to Nevada effective October 8 , 2014 .
Mr. Milinazzo served as InspireMD , Inc. director during the twelve months ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , but did not receive any additional compensation for his services as director .
However , if certain events occur prior to such date , including if Hoverink Biotechnologies , Inc. become a large accelerated filer , Hoverink Biotechnologies , Inc. annual gross revenue exceeds $ 1.0 billion or Hoverink Biotechnologies , Inc. issue more than $ 1.0 billion of non - convertible debt in any three - year period , Hoverink Biotechnologies , Inc. will cease to be an emerging growth company prior to the end of such period .
On November 7 , 2016 , COHERENT INC acquired Rofin at a price of $ 32.50 per share of Rofin common stock ( See Note 3 " Business Combinations " in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements ) .
The following table sets forth the high and low closing bid prices for Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock for the fiscal quarter indicated as reported on OTC Markets , as adjusted for Orbital Tracking Corp. 150:1 reverse split approved by FINRA April 21 , 2014 ( the Reverse Split ) .
On July 17 , 2015 , TQ Delta , LLC ( TQ Delta ) filed a complaint against us , DISH Network and DISH DBS CORP wholly - owned subsidiary DISH Network L.L.C. in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware .
Prior to joining Woodward , Mr. Meyer was employed by PG E Corporation and Nortel in a variety of roles in human resources .
PACIFICORP /OR/ have reviewed the accompanying balance sheet of MidAmerican Energy Company ( " MidAmerican Energy " ) as of September 30 , 2017 , and the related statements of operations for the three - month and nine - month periods ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , and of changes in equity and cash flows for the nine - month periods ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
During the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , cash used in operating activities consisted of Cerulean s net loss of $ 10.5 million , net cash used in changes in operating assets and liabilities of $ 4.2 million and the non - cash adjustment for the gain on sale of asset of $ 1.5 million , partially offset by net non - cash charges of $ 0.8 million .
SHUSA is headquartered in Boston , Massachusetts and the Bank 's main office is in Wilmington , Delaware .
Mr. Pinkston holds the offices of President , Chief Executive Officer , and Chief Operating Officer .
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Corporation has caused this Certificate of Amendment to be executed by Steven W. King , its President CEO , and attested to by Mark R. Ziebell , its Secretary , this 15th day of October , 2015 .
The following is a summary of the terms of Hughes Satellite Systems Corp principal agreements with DISH Network that may have an impact on Hughes Satellite Systems Corp financial condition and results of operations .
HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST maximum exposure to losses due to HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST investment in Cindat Hersha Owner JV , LLC is limited to HERSHA HOSPITALITY TRUST basis in the joint venture which is $ 0 as of March 31 , 2017 .
As a result of this concentration and timing , if Guidewire Software , Inc. are unable to complete one or more substantial sales or achieve any required performance or acceptance criteria in any given quarter , Guidewire Software , Inc. quarterly results of operations m
Factors that may affect YuMe Inc quarterly operating results include : .
The other investors are Harold Brown , the President of the Management Company and five other employees of the Management Company .
INVACARE CORP 's effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and September 30 , 2016 was unfavorable as compared to the U.S. federal statutory rate expected benefit , principally due to the negative impact of INVACARE CORP 's inability to record tax benefits related to the significant losses in countries which had tax valuation allowances .
As of March 31 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , the fair value of the assets of the consolidated VIEs was $ 1,106.4 million and $ 1,001.8 million , respectively .
If NBCUniversal Media , LLC had adopted the provisions of the updated guidance as of January 1 , 2017 for NBCUniversal Media , LLC equity investments classified as available - for - sale securities , primarily NBCUniversal Media , LLC investment in Snap Inc. ( see Note 6 ) , net income attributable to NBCUniversal would have decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 by $ 95 million and $ 234 million , respectively .
On December 17 , 2014 , MOSAIC CO completed the acquisition of Archer Daniels Midland Company 's ( " ADM " ) fertilizer distribution business in Brazil and Paraguay ( the " ADM Acquisition " ) for $ 301.7 million , including $ 47.9 million related to a reduction of the working capital acquired , which is reflected in MOSAIC CO Consolidated Financial Statements in 2015 .
For the three month period ended December 31 , 2014 , Green Meadow Products , Inc. had no revenues a nd for the six month period ended December 31 , 2014 Green Meadow Products , Inc. had gross revenues of $ 15,000 derived from the sale of rights to Green Meadow Products , Inc. pain relief formula .
Name Age Position Matthew E. Monaghan Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer Robert K. Gudbranson Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Dean J. Childers Senior Vice President and General Manager , North America Anthony C. LaPlaca Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary Ralf Ledda Senior Vice President and General Manager , Europe , Middle East Africa Patricia A. Stumpp Senior Vice President , Human Resources .
EAGLE MATERIALS INC conduct one of EAGLE MATERIALS INC six cement plant operations , Texas Lehigh Cement Company LP in Buda , Texas , through a Joint Venture .
For example , as a result of lower than anticipated financial performance , in July 2013 , CENTENE CORP terminated CENTENE CORP Kentucky Medicaid managed care contract with the Commonwealth of Kentucky .
During fiscal 2015 , MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INC operated at normal levels of capacity at MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INC Thailand assembly and test facilities .
In accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement , Ambient Water Corp has agreed to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the SEC ) a registration statement ( the Registration Statement ) to register for resale under the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended ( the Securities Act ) , the shares of Common Stock that may be issued to River North under the Purchase Agreement .
Mr. Cassano has significant senior management experience , including service as chief executive officer , executive vice president , chief financial officer , secretary and director .
Cash equivalents are primarily invested in AAA rated prime and U.S. government money market funds denominated in U.S. dollars , AAA rated prime money market funds denominated in Euros , AAA rated prime money market funds denominated in British pound sterling , time deposits , and Canadian government debentures .
FelCor Lodging LP allocate income and loss to noncontrolling interests in FelCor LP and other partnerships based on the weighted average percentage ownership throughout the year .
The increase in total assets was primarily due to the increase in cash and the increase in intangible assets from the acquisition of iGambit , Inc. HealthDatix subsidiary .
Luvu Brands , Inc. ( the Company or Luvu Brands ) was incorporated in the State of Florida on February 25 , 1999 .
These certification notices allege that three U.S. patents listed in the FDA s Orange Book for Zohydro ER , with an expiration date of November 2019 and September 2034 , will not be infringed by Actavis or Alvogen s proposed products , are invalid and/or are unenforceable .
These raw materials were purchased by GCP Applied Technologies Inc. Venezuelan subsidiary using cash it held outside of Venezuela and through other Grace subsidiaries .
o Hired additional personnel in the accounting department with sufficient U.S. GAAP and financial reporting experience to provide additional oversight of the accounting function and to participate in the preparation of AHC financial statements and SEC reports ; .
In 2015 , BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC introduced BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC new Discovery store format which was designed to drive overall sales productivity and refresh an aged brand look .
If the IRS were to treat LINN Energy as a corporation for federal income tax purposes or it was to otherwise become subject to material additional entity level taxation for federal or state tax purposes , the value of LINN Energy units would be reduced and , as a result , the value of LinnCo , LLC shares would be reduced .
As of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. had $ 0.6 million and $ 0.5 million of net deferred tax assets representing basis differences in the assets of the TRS and stock - based compensation attributable to the TRS .
MOSAIC CO results of operations , after non - cash adjustments to net earnings , contributed $ 2.0 billion to cash flows from operating activities during 2015 and 2014 .
From March 2004 to August 2004 , Mr. Anderson was employed by AROC , a predecessor company to Southern Bay Energy , as Vice President , Acquisitions and Divestitures .
Sanofi also had a time - restricted right to purchase $ 40.0 million in shares of MyoKardia Inc s redeemable convertible preferred stock at the discounted price , which would have satisfied the $ 40.0 million obligation to purchase shares of MyoKardia Inc s capital stock in connection with the continuation decision .
ASU 2015 - 03 had no effect on SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC 's results of operations or liquidity .
Chief Financial Officer , Stacy McLaughlin , as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure .
IDL may terminate the contract if it provides at least thirteen years prior notice to Castle Brands Inc , except for breach .
BAR HARBOR BANKSHARES 's OREO activity for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 are presented below : .
b. DarioHealth Corp. 's wholly owned subsidiary , LabStyle Innovation Ltd. ( Ltd. or Subsidiary ) , was incorporated and commenced operations on September 14 , 2011 in Israel .
Edmond B. Lewis joined SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC in June 2013 and serves as Chief Strategy Officer .
For the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2016 , MERRIMACK PHARMACEUTICALS INC s unaudited consolidated results include Silver Creek s results for the full periods presented .
Executive Vice President , Finance and Legal , and Corporate Secretary Michael J. Hartshorn .
Dr. Smith also served as a member of the Industrial Associates of the School of Earth Sciences at Stanford University for several years .
Neonode , Inc net revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 included $ 2.1 million and $ 6.2 million , respectively , from technology license fees plus $ 22,000 and $ 0.2 million , respectively , in NRE fees .
International Risk Management Operations GALLAGHER ARTHUR J & CO international risk management operations are principally in Australia , Canada , New Zealand and the U.K. Services are similar to those provided in the U.S. and are provided primarily on behalf of commercial and public entity clients .
In the event that Mr. Daniel Siegel s employment is terminated by LIFETIME BRANDS , INC on account of LIFETIME BRANDS , INC s non - renewal of the Employment Agreement , Mr. Daniel Siegel s severance payments and benefits include : ( i ) continued payments of base salary for one year , ( ii ) the Annual Adjusted IBIT Performance Bonus for the year of termination , ( iii ) continued medical and dental benefits at actively employee rates for one year , and ( iv ) vesting of outstanding stock options and restricted stock awards , to the extent permitted by LIFETIME BRANDS , INC s equity plan .
American Lorain CORP Manufacturing Facilities General American Lorain CORP currently manufacture American Lorain CORP products in four facilities in China , two of which are located in Junan County , Shandong Province , one in Luotian County , Hubei Province , and one in Miyun County , Beijing .
Under this ethanol agreement , Eco - Energy purchases , markets and resells 100 % of the ethanol produced at Granite Falls Energy , LLC 's ethanol production facility and arranges for the transportation of ethanol .
Included in those transactions and representing $ 39.7 million of FBR & Co. capital raising revenue were four sole - managed institutional private placements .
For the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , Immune Design Corp. have paid IDRI $ 2.9 million , $ 500,000 and $ 140,000 in upfront and annual fees , milestone fees , sublicensing fees and financial support of continuing research on GLA to IDRI , and issued shares of Immune Design Corp. common stock to IDRI .
At June 30 , 2017 , SENIOR HOUSING PROPERTIES TRUST owned 4,235,000 common shares of Five Star Senior Living Inc , or Five Star .
Prior to joining Key Tronic , Mr. Hochberg worked for Quinton Instrument Company as their Director of Marketing and Product Management from 1992 to 2000 .
Through LAUREATE EDUCATION , INC . European segment , LAUREATE EDUCATION , INC . operate Istanbul Bilgi University , a network institution located in Turkey that consolidates under the variable interest entity model .
Jay Nudi . By : Jay Nudi . Its : CFO .
Under U.S. federal bankruptcy rules , FTI CONSULTING INC generally may not represent both a debtor and its creditors in the same proceeding , and FTI CONSULTING INC are required to notify the U.S. Trustee of real or potential conflicts .
Myron Holubiak Myron Holubiak Chief Executive Officer , Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer .
FBR & Co. investment banking revenues in 2015 were generated from 51 client transactions representing $ 9 .
Prior to working at Gap , Inc , Mr. Bell was Vice President in the technology investment banking group at Piper Jaffray , Inc.
At December 31 , 2015 CYBEROPTICS CORP concluded that a $ 10.6 million valuation allowance is needed for all of CYBEROPTICS CORP United States and Singapore based deferred tax assets due to CYBEROPTICS CORP recurring losses and financial outlook .
Due to the large scale of AECOM U.S. and international business activities , many of these proposed and enacted changes to the taxation of AECOM activities could increase AECOM worldwide effective tax rate and harm results of operations .
Pursuant to a separation agreement and general release , Mr. Dalton is entitled to $ 1,250,000 in cash payment .
K ATHLEEN P HILIPS Kathleen Philips . Chief Financial Officer , Chief Legal Officer , and Secretary ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
Real Goods Solar , Inc. financing activities provided net cash of $ 15.5 million and $ 3.3 million during the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively .
CHIMERIX INC incorporated a subsidiary in the United Kingdom in 2014 .
The following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting TOWERSTREAM CORP condensed consolidated results of operations , financial condition and liquidity position for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 .
TMM Holdings is a British Columbia limited partnership that acquired Taylor Morrison Home Corp operations in July 2011 and is currently the holding company for all of Taylor Morrison Home Corp operations .
DSP GROUP INC /DE/ are exploring opportunities to expand sales of DSP GROUP INC /DE/ products in China , Japan , Korea and South America .
As of December 31 , 2016 , TILE SHOP HOLDINGS , INC . operated 123 stores in 31 states and the District of Columbia , with an average size of approximately 21,100 square feet .
Purchase of Receivables Programs ( Exelon , ComEd , PECO , BGE , PHI , Pepco , DPL and ACE ) ComEd , PECO , BGE , Pepco , DPL and ACE are required , under separate legislation and regulations in Illinois , Pennsylvania , Maryland , District of Columbia and New Jersey , to purchase certain receivables from retail electric and natural gas suppliers that participate in the utilities consolidated billing .
Mark A. Crosswhite Executive Vice President Age 53 Elected in 2010 .
Any delisting from NASDAQ could have a negative impact on the market price and liquidity of LinnCo , LLC common shares .
( a ) Within 120 calendar days after the effective date of dissolution of Blackstone Group L.P , the assets of Blackstone Group L.P. shall be distributed in the following manner and order : ( i ) to the payment of the expenses of the winding - up , liquidation and dissolution of the Company ; ( ii ) to pay all creditors of Blackstone Group L.P , other than Members , either by the payment thereof or the making of reasonable provision therefor ; ( iii ) to establish reserves , in amounts established by the Managing Member or the Liquidator , to meet other liabilities of the Company ; and ( iv ) to pay , in accordance with the terms agreed among them and otherwise on a pro rata basis , all creditors of Blackstone Group L.P. that are Members , either by the payment thereof or the making of reasonable provision therefor .
Michael R. Hough , Hatteras Financial Corp chief executive officer , is also the chief executive officer of Hatteras Financial Corp manager and ACM .
Lumos Networks Corp. principal executive offices are located at One Lumos Plaza , Waynesboro , Virginia 22980 .
Included in Clifton Bancorp Inc. $ 4.2 million in nonperforming loans at March 31 , 2017 are six loans totaling $ 1.1 million that are current or less than ninety days delinquent .
For detailed discussion of PRC tax issues related to resident enterprise status , see Risk Factors Risks Related to Doing Business in China Under the New Enterprise Income Tax Law , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . may be classified as a resident enterprise of China .
Global Boatworks Holdings , Inc. occupy approximately four hundred ( 400 ) square feet of office space without charge at the residence of Robert Rowe Global Boatworks Holdings , Inc. Chief Executive Officer , President , Treasurer and Director , and Leah Rowe , Global Boatworks Holdings , Inc. Secretary .
Insys Therapeutics , Inc. qualify as a controlled company under Nasdaq s rules and may avail ourselves of exemptions from certain Nasdaq independence rules , which could make Insys Therapeutics , Inc. common stock less attractive to investors .
In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10- K of Antero Midstream Partners LP for the year ended December 31 , 201 5 , I , Paul M. Rady , Chief Executive Officer of Antero Midstream Partners LP , hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to my knowledge : .
Mr. Kagan also has served as a director of Antero since 2004 .
A BEAR WORKSHOP INC quarterly results .
In February 2016 , Q2Power Technologies , Inc. appointed Kevin Bolin to the Board as its Chairman .
On August 17 , 2015 , Mr. Chua Seong Seng was appointed as the President , Chief Executive Officer ( principal executive officer ) and a director , Ms. Lim Wei Lin was appointed as Secretary and a director .
As a condition to the effectiveness of the Second Amended Commitment Letter , GENCO SHIPPING & TRADING LTD entered into stock purchase agreements ( the Purchase Agreements ) effective as of October 4 , 2016 with Centerbridge , SVP and Apollo ( the Investors ) for the purchase of GENCO SHIPPING & TRADING LTD s Series A Preferred Stock for an aggregate of up to $ 125,000 in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended .
On November 7 , 2014 , Whitestone REIT , through Whitestone REIT Operating Partnership , entered into an unsecured revolving credit facility ( the 2014 Facility ) with the lenders party thereto , with BMO Capital Markets , Wells Fargo Securities , LLC , Merrill Lynch , Pierce , Fenner Smith Incorporated , and U.S. Bank , National Association , as co - lead arrangers and joint book runners , and Bank of Montreal , as administrative agent ( the Agent ) .
Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a ) Under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 I , Brenton L. Saunders , President and Chief Executive Officer , certify that : 1 .
The equipment , spare parts , supplies and consumable items have been manufactured , and maintenance and services have been provided by Delphax Canada and such products and services have been sold through Delphax , Delphax Canada and Delphax subsidiaries located in Canada , the United Kingdom and France .
Previously , Mr. Davis served as Vice President Phosphate Operations of Mosaic since June 2010 , as Vice - President Phosphate Operations for all of Mosaic s Florida and Louisiana operations since 2007 and Vice President of Mining since Mosaic s formation in 2004 .
A number of factors have caused FTI CONSULTING INC results of operations and financial position to vary significantly from one year to the next and can make it difficult to evaluate period - to - period comparisons because of a lack of comparability .
The exercise price of the options was $ 93.15 , which was the average of the high and low trading prices of Grace common stock on the NYSE on January 6 , 2015 .
Mr. Gladstone also serves as the chairman and chief executive officer of both GLADSTONE COMMERCIAL CORP Adviser and Administrator .
China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc future business and results of operations depend in significant part upon the continued contributions of China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc key technical and senior management personnel , including Xianfu Han , China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Weili He , China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc Vice - Chairman and interim Chief Financial Officer .
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International , Inc. face foreign currency exposure on the translation into U.S. dollars of the financial results of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International , Inc. operations in Europe , Canada , Australia , Latin America , Asia , Africa and the Middle East , including , for example , as a result of the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar against other foreign currencies that occurred in 2016 and prior years .
Delta + South includes farms located in Arkansas , Louisiana , and Mississippi .
Operating Revenues Southern Company 's non - electric operating revenues for these other business activities decreased $ 14 million , or 23.0 % , in 2015 as compared to the prior year .
Sachem Capital Corp. was formed in January 2016 and , until it consummated the exchange transaction described above , was not engaged in any trade or business or investment activity , had only nominal assets and no liabilities .
Russian mobile and online payment processing segment consists of Digital Provider , which operates primarily in the Russian Federation and CIS .
CHEETAH ENTERPRISES , INC . incorporated a wholly - owned subsidiary , Cheetah Autos S.A. in Costa Rica on September 26 , 2014 .
Kevin A. Shields , Chairman of the Board of Directors and President of Griffin Capital BDC Corp , controls the sole stockholder of Griffin Capital .
( the Operating Partnership ) for the period ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Randy Churchey , Chief Executive Officer of the Operating Partnership , certify , in my capacity as an officer of the Operating Partnership , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Mr. Valley was then CFO of Millennium Digital Media Systems , LLC ( currently Broadstripe ) and MDM iNet , LLC ( dba U.S. Net ) .
( 4 ) In March 2014 , NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC s subsidiary , VLS , entered into a loan agreement with Investec .
From 1970 to 1979 , FLANIGANS ENTERPRISES INC expanded FLANIGANS ENTERPRISES INC package liquor store and lounge operations throughout Florida and opened clubs in five other Sun Belt states .
Included in this amount is ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. ownership in Bagatelle New York for which ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. have effective ownership of approximately 51 % representing 5.23 % ownership directly by us and 45.9 % ownership through two of ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. subsidiaries .
Celsion Corporation , a Delaware corporation based in Lawrenceville , New Jersey , its wholly - owned subsidiaries CLSN Laboratories , Inc , also a Delaware corporation , and Celsion GmbH , a limited liability company in Zug Switzerland , referred to herein as Celsion , Celsion CORP , or Celsion CORP , as the context requires , is a fully - integrated development stage oncology drug company focused on developing a portfolio of innovative cancer treatments , including directed chemotherapies , DNA - mediated immunotherapy and RNA - based therapies .
Mr. Gray was elected to the board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner effective February 24 , 2012 .
In connection with the acquisition of 64 Burger King restaurants in 2014 , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . entered into an agreement with BKC to remodel 46 of the restaurants acquired over a five - year period beginning in 2014 .
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement , dated as of December 12 , 2014 , by and between Products Corporation and Lorenzo Delpani ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Revlon , Inc. 's Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2014 filed with the SEC on March 12 , 2015 ( the " Revlon , Inc. 2014
Mr. Shepherd brings to GCP Applied Technologies Inc. board over 40 years of executive , operations , and commercial leadership experience with public companies , spanning P L management , corporate strategy , business development , mergers and acquisitions , investor relations , capital planning , organization structure , and succession planning .
Furthermore , Mr. Pradman Kaul serves on the board of directors of Hughes Systique .
Prior to Clover , Mr. Lamkin co - founded and served as the Chief Executive Officer of Bagcheck , a sharing and discovery platform , from June 2010 to May 2011 .
Mr. Satya Brata Das has served as director of Deep Well since March 8 , 2011 .
On or about March 14 , 2017 , Elite Data Services , Inc. and Brenton Mix , an individual ( and , also the Chairman , Chief Executive Officer , President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company ) ( Mix ) executed a Contractor Agreement ( the " Mix Agreement " ) to formalize the engagement Mix ( pursuant to his original appointment dated January 10 , 2017 ) for his continued services to Elite Data Services , Inc. and for such other services , as deemed necessary by the Board of Directors , from time to time , for a period of three ( 3 ) years from the date of execution , and renewal for two ( 2 ) successive one ( 1 ) year terms unless terminated early .
In 2009 , President Obama signed into law the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 ( ARRA ) .
Also , in 2007 , Mr. McMullen formed Northern Iron Limited , which developed an iron ore mine in Norway and served as Managing Director from April 2007 to November 2009 and as President of Northern Iron Marketing AG until June 2010 .
On February 27 , 2015 , Mr. Shaw resigned as TAURIGA SCIENCES , INC . chief executive officer and was replaced by Dr. Stella M. Sung .
Bower Solutions , a company owned by Glenn Grant , CEO and an advisor to Atacama Resources International , Inc. for $ 162,000 and Dannette Technologies , a company owned by Dan Finch , COO and an advisor to Atacama Resources International , Inc , for $ 135,000 .
Mr. Berg currently serves on the board of directors for the Miller Retailing Center at the University of Florida and The Rezidor Hotel Group .
Nevertheless , because Grace held more than five percent of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. s common stock during 2015 , GCP Applied Technologies Inc. is required to provide disclosure about certain agreements entered into in connection with the Separation .
From April 2008 to November 2008 , Mr. Berg served as vice president , corporate and business development of Visible Measures Corp , acquired by AcuityAds , a platform provider to analyze and understand video engagement and insights .
The U.S. Prepaid Debit segment includes CPI Card Group Inc. s operation in Minnesota which is certified by multiple global Payment Card Brands , and is certified to be in compliance with the standards of the PCI Security Standards Council .
A summary of CTI INDUSTRIES CORP s stock option activity by grant date as of September 30 , 2017 is as follows : .
On February 1 , 2013 , Zena Energy L.L.C. ( Zena ) , a subsidiary within LSB INDUSTRIES INC Chemical Business , entered into a loan ( the Secured Promissory Note ) with a lender in the original principal amount of $ 35 million .
Robert A. Schriesheim , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sears Holdings Corporation ( the Company ) , has executed this certification in connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of SEARS HOLDINGS CORP 's Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended January 30 , 2016 ( the Report ) .
Concerning GOLDRICH MINING CO placer operations , in 2012 , Goldrich and NyacAU LLC ( NyacAU ) formed Goldrich NyacAU Placer LLC ( GNP ) , a 50/50 joint - venture company , managed by NyacAU , to mine Goldrich s various placer properties at Chandalar .
Mr. Jacobs serves as the chairman of the compensation committee .
GROUP 1 AUTOMOTIVE INC operations are primarily located in major metropolitan areas in Alabama , California , Florida , Georgia , Kansas , Louisiana , Maryland , Massachusetts , Mississippi , New Hampshire , New Jersey , Oklahoma , South Carolina and Texas in the U.S , in 21 towns of the U.K. and in key metropolitan markets in the states of Sao Paulo , Parana , Mato Grosso do Sul and Santa Catarina in Brazil .
Through December 31 , 2015 , the cumulative after - tax loss from plant closure recorded by Sempra Energy and SDG E is $ 125 million , including a reduction in the after - tax loss of $ 13 million recorded in the first quarter of 2015 based on the CPUC s approval in March 2015 of SDG E s compliance filing and establishment of the SONGS settlement revenue requirement , and a reduction in the after - tax loss of $ 2 million based on a settlement with Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited in the fourth quarter of 2015 , as SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO discuss below .
As the bonuses described above , with the exception of Mr. Mann s bonus , can only be awarded at the discretion of the Compensation Committee , they do not encourage inappropriate risk - taking on the part of the named executive officers , nor represent a risk to the Company .
As the founder of Digerati , formerly known as ATSI Communications , Inc. ( ATSI ) , he led Digerati Technologies , Inc. s start - up operation focused on the USA Mexico telecommunications corridor to over US$ 65 million in annual revenue and a listing on the American Stock Exchange that resulted in a market value of over US$ 450 million .
KADANT INC also provides other post - retirement benefits under plans in the United States and at one of its non - U.S. subsidiaries .
The 2012 Plan was designed to serve as an incentive for retaining qualified and competent key employees , officers , directors , and certain consultants and advisors of TherapeuticsMD , Inc. company .
Mr. Hanson , a member of the Investment Committee , also has a direct pecuniary interest in GSVGC and an indirect pecuniary interest in GSVGC through his ownership interest in GSVGC Management Holdings .
On July 25 , 2016 , Wuhan Kingold entered into a gold lease agreement with CCB to lease additional 160 kilograms of gold ( valued at approximately RMB 45.6 million or approximately $ 6.9 million ) .
CORP make certain judgments and use certain estimates and assumptions when applying accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. in the preparation of CTI BIOPHARMA CORP condensed consolidated financial statements .
NUVASIVE INC currently manufacture a portion of NUVASIVE INC products at a spine implant manufacturer based in Dayton , Ohio that NUVASIVE INC acquired in May 2013 , and in 2015 NUVASIVE INC added an approximately 179,000 square foot manufacturing facility in Dayton , Ohio and announced plans to build out and equip the new facility in order to expand NUVASIVE INC internal manufacturing efforts .
For the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , American Railcar Industries , Inc. railcar leasing segment revenues included transactions with affiliates , totaling $ 0.4 million , or 0.2 % of American Railcar Industries , Inc. total consolidated revenues There were no such revenues recorded for the comparable periods during 2016 .
Effective with this approval , ARK RESTAURANTS CORP terminated the 2004 Plan .
Our discussion and analysis of Commonwealth Income & Growth Fund VI financial condition and results of operations are based upon Commonwealth Income & Growth Fund VI financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States .
Brent Reynolds , a professor in the Department of Neurosurgery at the University of Florida , College of Medicine and Dennis Steindler , a professor of Medical Research in the Department of Neurosurgery at the University of Florida , College of Medicine , as well as , Dr. Loic Deleyrolle , a research assistant at McKnight Brain Institute at the University Florida ; and , PTI s business model is based on technology developed there .
At December 31 , 2016 , the fair value of plan assets of the Aetna Pension Plan was in excess of the benefit obligations , while the Non - qualified Pension Plan had benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of plan assets .
S COTT W. W INE Scott W. Wine Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
NanoVibronix , Inc. net loss increased by approximately $ 239,000 , or 39 % , to approximately $ 849,000 for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 from approximately $ 610,000 in the same period of 2016 .
Excluding the $ 43.8 million unfavorable impact of foreign currency fluctuations , total Professional net sales increased $ 12.2 million in 2015 compared to 2014 , primarily as a result of higher net sales of American Crew men 's grooming products , Revlon Professional hair products and Creme of Nature hair products , partially offset by lower net sales of CND nail products in the U.S. Professional segment profit in 2015 was $ 103.9 million , a decrease of $ 0.9 million , or 0.9 % , compared to $ 104.8 million in 2014 .
If Paratek Pharmaceuticals , Inc. enters into a sublicense under the Tufts License Agreement , based on the applicable field of use for such product , Paratek Pharmaceuticals , Inc. agreed to pay Tufts a percentage , ranging from 10 % to 14 % ( ten percent to fourteen percent ) , of that portion of any sublicense issue fees or maintenance fees received by Paratek Pharmaceuticals , Inc. that are reasonably attributable to the sublicense of the rights granted to Paratek Pharmaceuticals , Inc. under the Tufts License Agreement and the lesser of a percentage , ranging from the low tens to the high twenties based on the applicable field of use for such product , of the royalty payments made to Paratek Pharmaceuticals , Inc. by the sublicensee or the amount of royalty payments that would have been paid by Paratek Pharmaceuticals , Inc. to Tufts if Paratek Pharmaceuticals , Inc. had sold the product .
Daryl G. Byrd Daryl G. Byrd President and Chief Executive Officer .
DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC Board appointed the following Directors : Mr. Satya Brata Das , Mr. Pascal Nod -Langlois , Mr. Colin Outtrim and Mr. David Roff , all independent Directors , to serve on this committee and Mr. Pascal Nod -Langlois was appointed by DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC Board as chairman of the committee .
Furthermore , such attacks may make travel and the transportation of ENTEGRIS INC supplies and products more difficult and more expensive and may ultimately affect the sales of ENTEGRIS INC products in the United States and overseas .
The year ended June 27 , 2015 reflects PERRIGO Co plc financial results for the twelve - month period from June 29 , 2014 to June 27 , 2015 , and the year ended June 28 , 2014 reflects PERRIGO Co plc financial results for the twelve - month period from June 30 , 2013 to June 28 , 2014 .
Hughes Satellite Systems Corp can not provide services to certain countries subject to U.S. trade sanctions unless Hughes Satellite Systems Corp first obtain the necessary authorizations from OFAC .
Subpart F income also includes certain income from intra - Group transactions between Sohu.com Inc. s non - U.S. subsidiaries and VIEs and Changyou s non - U.S. subsidiaries and VIEs , or where Sohu.com Inc. s non - U.S. subsidiaries or VIEs make an investment in U.S. property , such as holding the stock in , or making a loan to , a U.S. corporation .
Under the agreements with SSS , among other things , ( i ) SSS purchased 4,545,454 shares of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . common stock for $ 2.20 per share , or total purchase price of $ 10.0 million , ( ii )
The following discussion pertains to Ambient Water , Inc , formerly AWG International , Inc , a wholly owned subsidiary of Ambient Water Corporation .
Algae Dynamics Corp. principally operates within Canada .
As ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN , LLC previously indicated to ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN , LLC members , ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN , LLC experienced liquidity pressures in ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN , LLC portfolio after the U.S. economy entered into a recession in December 2007 , coupled with ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN , LLC prior investment strategy that , among other things , relied significantly on third parties to originate investments , used a substantial amount of long - term debt to make investments , and was highly dependent on the residual value of equipment to achieve investment returns .
The last reported sales price of Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock on the OTC Markets on March 28 , 2016 was $ 0.199 per share .
Protea Biosciences Group , Inc. have an employment agreement with Stephen Turner , Protea Biosciences Group , Inc. Chief Executive Officer .
Prior to the Spin Off on December 17 , 2014 , KLX s financial statements were derived from B / E Aerospace s consolidated financial statements and accounting records as if it was operated on a stand alone basis and were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) .
NAREIT FFO results for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 : .
On April 25 , 2016 , Judge Boyle in the Chan case issued an order granting the parties joint motion to transfer that case to Judge Lindsay , who is presiding over the earlier - filed Stein case .
In December 2015 , Seagate Technology plc effectively settled all disputed issues with the IRS associated with its U.S. federal income tax returns for fiscal years 2008 , 2009 and 2010 .
The Crow Tribe has an option to secure up to 5 % , with a corresponding reduction in CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . ownership .
In June 2017 , MACK CALI REALTY L P acquired the remaining noncontrolling interest in 150 Main Street , LLC , a consolidated joint venture , for cash consideration of $ 2 million and the issuance of 99,412 Common Units valued at $ 2.8 million .
Also on May 20 , 2016 , the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Qinghua Chen as a Director and , effective upon the resignation of Mr. Zhao referenced above , as the Chief Executive Officer , President , Secretary , and Treasurer of the Company .
On August 8 , 2016 , Summit Materials , LLC acquired the assets of Weldon and the membership interests of Honey Creek Disposal Service , LLC .
The following terms or acronyms used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q are defined below : Term or Acronym Definition 2016 Annual Report on Form 10 - K filed with the SEC on March 3 , 2017 2018 Notes 8.125 % senior subordinated notes due 2018 issued by SGC 2020 Notes 6.250 % senior subordinated notes due 2020 issued by SGI 2021 Notes 6.625 % senior subordinated notes due 2021 issued by SGI Accounting Standards Codification Accounting Standards Update business to consumer model Beijing CITIC Scientific Games Technology Co , Ltd. depreciation , amortization and impairments ( excluding goodwill ) employee stock purchase plan Financial Accounting Standards Board foreign currency exchange Beijing Guard Libang Technology Co , Ltd. Guarantor Subsidiaries substantially all of SGC s 100%-owned U.S. subsidiaries other than SGC s 100%-owned
In December 2013 , Atlantic Aviation entered into an equity bridge loan for $ 70.0 million , of which $ 35.0 million was provided by MIHI LLC , an entity within the Macquarie Group .
BACKGROUND MOBETIZE , CORP . were incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 23 , 2012 , as Slavia Corp. in order to assist international students enroll in accredited universities , institutes , colleges or schools in Canada .
On September 4 , 2015 , SCANSOURCE , INC . acquired substantially all the assets of KBZ .
For additional information regarding HELIX ENERGY SOLUTIONS GROUP INC stock repurchase program , see Note 10 to HELIX ENERGY SOLUTIONS GROUP INC 2016 Form 10 - K. Item 6 .
During the year ended December 31 , 2016 , BANC OF CALIFORNIA , INC . terminated all of its interest rate swaps , which had an aggregate notional amount of $ 75.0 million .
InspireMD , Inc. net loss decreased by $ 9.5 million , or 37.9 % , to $ 15.6 million for the twelve months ended December 31 , 2015 from $ 25.1 million during the same period in 2014 .
During 2015 , DENBURY RESOURCES INC provided oil and natural gas reserve estimates for 2014 to the United States Energy Information Agency that were substantially the same as the reserve estimates included in DENBURY RESOURCES INC
Any hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade within Israel or between Israel and its trading partners could adversely affect TechCare Corp. operations and results of operations and could make it more difficult for us to raise capital .
GFE will pay Eco - Energy a fixed fee per gallon of ethanol sold in consideration of Eco - Energy 's services , as well as a fixed lease fee for rail cars leased from Eco - Energy to the GFE .
PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS INC Board of Directors has determined that each of the current directors is an independent director as defined by the NASDAQ Listing Rules governing the independence of directors , except for Steven W. King , PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS INC President and Chief Executive Officer . PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS INC Audit , Compensation and Nominating Committees are composed entirely of independent directors as required by applicable SEC and NASDAQ rules , including Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act .
Similarly , WORLDS ONLINE INC . too do not have a compensation committee and all of WORLDS ONLINE INC . directors perform the functions of a compensation committee , except that Mr. Kidrin , WORLDS ONLINE INC . president and CEO , does not participate in any deliberations with respect to his compensation and physically removes himself from the presence of the other directors while they deliberate over his compensation and bonuses .
Our discussion and analysis of H / Cell Energy Corp financial condition and results of operations are based on H / Cell Energy Corp financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP .
Emeka N. Chukwu Emeka N. Chukwu Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
For the two years ended April 30 , 2017 , Ocean Power Technologies , Inc. aggregate revenues were $ 1.5 million , Ocean Power Technologies , Inc. aggregate net losses were $ 22.6 million and Ocean Power Technologies , Inc. aggregate net cash used in operating activities was $ 21.0 million .
Mark E. Ellis is the Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer and has served in such capacity since LinnCo s formation in April 2012 .
On June 25 , 2014 , S&P Global Inc. repurchased 0.5 million shares of S&P Global Inc. 's common stock from the personal holdings of Harold W. McGraw III , then Chairman of S&P Global Inc. 's Board of Directors and former President and CEO of S&P Global Inc , at a discount of 0.35 % from the June 24 , 2014 New York Stock Exchange closing price .
Mr. Mack was a founding executive responsible for MOSAIC CO formation in the 2004 business combination between IMC Global Inc. and Cargill Crop Nutrition and was a core member of the executive team responsible for MOSAIC CO subsequent successful spin - off from Cargill .
From 1988 to the present , Mr. Lichtenstein has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of The Lightstone Group , directing all aspects of the acquisition , financing and management of a diverse portfolio of multifamily , lodging , retail and industrial properties located in 20 states and Puerto Rico .
CIM Commercial Trust Corp were originally organized in 1993 as PMC Commercial Trust ( " PMC Commercial " ) , a Texas real estate investment trust .
RISK FACTORS PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP is exposed to certain risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse impact to PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP s financial condition and operating results , including : Sales of PACCAR Products PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP s business is substantially dependent upon the sale of PACCAR products and its ability to offer competitive financing in the United States .
Mark Gatto Mark Gatto Co - Chief Executive Officer and Co - President ( Principal Executive Officer ) C ON Investment Corporation .
The failure of a dam could also adversely affect CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT ability to supply water in sufficient quantities to CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT customers and could adversely affect CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT financial condition and results of operations .
On August 25 , 2014 , Cannabics Pharmaceuticals Inc. organized G.R.I.N. Ultra Ltd. ( GRIN ) , an Israeli corporation , as a wholly - owned subsidiary .
Mr. Bentley also serves as a Director of AES U.S. Investments and DPL Inc. ( DPL ) and The Dayton Power and Light Company ( DP L ) , which are also owned by AES .
Prior to becoming Vice Chairman of Marriott , Mr. Shaw served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Marriott from 1997 until 2009 .
Nature of Operations Investar Holding Corporation ( the Company ) was incorporated in 2009 to serve as a holding company for Investar Bank ( the Bank ) , a Louisiana - chartered commercial bank founded in 2006 .
Volume Declines in WASTE MANAGEMENT INC volumes caused WASTE MANAGEMENT INC revenue to decrease $ 215 million , or 1.6 % , and $ 188 million , or 1.4 % , for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively , as compared with the prior year .
Revenues Current Year The decrease in Print Systems revenues of approximately $ 151 million reflected unfavorable currency rates ( $ 107 million ) and consumables pricing declines within Prepress Solutions ( $ 31 million ) as a result of competitive pressures in the industry .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT success depends significantly on the continued individual and collective contributions of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT management team .
IMMUNOMEDICS INC have incurred significant operating losses since IMMUNOMEDICS INC formation in 1982 .
Note Payable . On June 30 , 2017 , Reign Sapphire Corp entered into a Loan Agreement , a Secured Promissory Note ( Note ) and a personal guarantee with respect to the funding by certain institutional investors Alpha Capital Anstalt and Brio Capital Master Fund Ltd. of up to $ 1,125,000 in debt .
These attacks or natural disasters have contributed to economic instability in the U.S. and elsewhere , and further acts of terrorism , violence , war or natural disasters could further affect the industries where LSB INDUSTRIES INC operate , LSB INDUSTRIES INC ability to purchase raw materials , LSB INDUSTRIES INC business , results of operations and financial condition .
The stock purchase agreement provides that Ray Leonard will remain President , Chief Executive Officer and a director of HYPERDYNAMICS CORP , and Jason Davis will remain Chief Financial Officer , subject to the discretion of the board and resolutions of the stockholders .
On May 6 , 2016 , American BriVision ( Holding ) Corp and BioLite agreed to amend the Collaborative Agreement , through entry into the Milestone Payment Agreement , whereby American BriVision ( Holding ) Corp have agreed to pay the Milestone Payment to BioLite $ 2,600,000 in cash and $ 900,000 in newly issued shares of American BriVision ( Holding ) Corp common stock , at the price of $ 1.60 per share , for an aggregate number of 562,500 shares .
You should carefully consider the risk factors discussed in HollyFrontier Corp 2016 Form 10 - K , which could materially affect HollyFrontier Corp business , financial condition or future results .
In 2010 , Liggett settled with Florida and agreed to pay $ 1,200 and to make further annual payments of $ 250 for a period of 21 years , starting in March 2011 , with the payments from year 12 forward being subject to an inflation adjustment .
During the Quarter ended October 31 , 2017 , Sharing Services , Inc. loss from operations and operating expenses were $ 1,539,384 , primarily from marketing expenses of $ 405,790 and share based compensation of $ 1,042,500 .
Mr. Overbaugh has additionally served as a Vice President and National Marketing Director of Security National Life Insurance Company , a wholly owned subsidiary of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP , since 2006 .
Blackstone Group L.P. are required to separately file with the SEC a notice that such activities have been disclosed in this report , and the SEC is required to post this notice of disclosure on its website and send the report to the U.S. President and certain U.S. Congressional committees .
The facilities are not guaranteed by , and are non - recourse to , us or any of Neiman Marcus Group LTD LLC U.S. subsidiaries or affiliates .
Excluding expected access equipment segment restructuring - related charges , OSHKOSH CORP also increased its fiscal 2017 adjusted earnings per share estimate range from $ 3.00 to $ 3.40 to $ 3.20 to $ 3.50 on adjusted operating income of $ 415 million to $ 445 million .
Digital Donations Technologies , Inc. ( formerly Fishing Ridge Acquisition Corporation ) ( DDTI ) was incorporated on May 21 , 2015 under the laws of the state of Delaware to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking , including , but not limited to , selected mergers and acquisitions .
Prior to that , Mr. Mulroney served on the Clich Commission of Inquiry in 1974 .
Ms. Ardoin also serves as a director of the New Orleans Branch of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta .
Cincinnati Bancorp conduct Cincinnati Bancorp operations from Cincinnati Bancorp main office and three branch offices in Cincinnati , Ohio , which are located in Hamilton County , Ohio .
Further , the laws of some countries in which Activision Blizzard , Inc. products are , or may be , distributed either do not protect Activision Blizzard , Inc. products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States , or are poorly enforced .
The increase in interest and fees associated with Tallgrass Energy Partners , LP revolving credit facility is primarily due to increased borrowings to fund a portion of Tallgrass Energy Partners , LP acquisitions of Terminals and NatGas effective January 1 , 2017 , a 24.99 % membership interest in Rockies Express effective March 31 , 2017 , and the Douglas Gathering System on June 5 , 2017 , as well as the higher incremental borrowing rate on the 2024 Notes , the proceeds of which were used to repay borrowings under Tallgrass Energy Partners , LP revolving credit facility .
In this Annual Report on Form 10 - K unless the context indicates otherwise : WEIGHT WATCHERS INTERNATIONAL INC , us , WEIGHT WATCHERS INTERNATIONAL INC , WEIGHT WATCHERS INTERNATIONAL INC and WWI refer to Weight Watchers International , Inc. and all of its operations consolidated for purposes of its financial statements ; North America refers to WEIGHT WATCHERS INTERNATIONAL INC North American Company - owned operations ; United Kingdom refers to WEIGHT WATCHERS INTERNATIONAL INC United Kingdom Company - owned operations ; Continental Europe refers to WEIGHT WATCHERS INTERNATIONAL INC Continental Europe Company - owned operations ; and Other refers to Asia Pacific and emerging markets operations and franchise revenues and related costs .
On June 21 , 2017 , the Mississippi PSC stated its intent to issue an order ( which occurred on July 6 , 2017 ) directing Mississippi Power to pursue a settlement under which the Kemper County energy facility would be operated as a natural gas plant , rather than an IGCC plant , and address all issues associated with the Kemper IGCC ( Kemper Settlement Order ) .
NEW MEDIA INSIGHT GROUP , INC . agreed to ( i ) pay Mr. Palethorpe $ 2,800 in cash on the closing date ( the Closing Date ) , ( ii ) pay Mr. Palethorpe $ 5,000 upon the completion of the audit of NEW MEDIA INSIGHT GROUP , INC . s financial statements for the most recently completed fiscal year , together with the receipt by the Company of a final audit report by the auditor , and ( iii ) issue to Mr. Palethorpe 3,500,000 shares of Company common stock on the Closing Date .
Regal operates one of the largest and most geographically diverse theatre circuits in the United States , consisting of 7,315 screens in 561 theatres in 43 states along with Guam , Saipan , American Samoa and the District of Columbia as of September 30 , 2017 .
Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. cash and cash equivalents increased by $ 332 million to $ 1,601 million at the end of 2015 .
Walgreens Boots Alliance , Inc. s investment in AmerisourceBergen carrying value exceeded its proportionate share of the net assets of AmerisourceBergen by $ 4.4 billion .
( d ) All options to purchase shares of Orbital Tracking Corp. s Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective date changed and converted into equivalent options to purchase 1/150th of a share of Great West Common Stock at an exercise price of $ 0.0001 per share ; .
In addition , Mr. Loughlin has served as a member of the board of directors of Celgene Corporation , a global biopharmaceutical company focused on novel therapies for the treatment of cancer and inflammatory diseases , since 2006 , including as chairman of the audit committee since June 2008 and a member of the compensation committee since June 2008 .
In 2016 , Essent Group Ltd. expect an increasing portion of Essent Group Ltd. consolidated earnings will be generated in Bermuda and accordingly expect that Essent Group Ltd. effective tax rate will decline below Essent Group Ltd. effective tax rate for the year ended December 31 , 2015 .
Prior to joining Blackstone in 2002 , Mr. James was Chairman of Global Investment Banking and Private Equity at Credit Suisse First Boston and a member of its Executive Board .
Mr. Stuckey joined GEE Group Inc. in April 2015 as its Chief Operating Officer and President and served in those positions until April 10 , 2017 .
Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement , Mr. McRobbie - Johnson resigned as eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp sole director and from all offices he held prior to the Share Exchange and Donna S. Moore resigned from all of her positions with eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp , i.e. Secretary , Treasurer and CFO .
EnSync , Inc. investing activities used net cash of $ 236,275 for the six months ended December 31 , 2015 , related primarily to the cash paid in the amount of $ 225,829 for the business combination of Tian Shan Renewable Energy and $ 10,416 of expenditures for property and equipment .
Mr. Maruyama was appointed to the newly - created directorship , with an initial term expiring at SeaWorld Entertainment , Inc. s 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders , and Mr. Wang was appointed to Mr. Wallace s vacated directorship , the term of which expires at SeaWorld Entertainment , Inc. s 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders .
Kevin P. Riley President , Chief Executive Officer and Director ( Principal executive officer ) .
As an investor in MSR , Hatteras Financial Corp purchase the right to .
Per : /s/ Yanika Silina Yanika Silina , CFO . cmxc_ex1048.htm . ex-10.48 LOAN AGREEMENT February 27 , 2017 Richard N. Jeffs ( the Lender ) of 11750 Fairtide Road , Ladysmith , BC V9 G 1K5 , advanced CDN$10,000 ( the Principal Sum ) to Cell MedX Corp. ( the Borrower ) of 123 W. Nye Ln , Suite 446 , Carson City NV 89706 .
Glenn Grant Principal Executive Officer , Principal Accounting Officer , Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors October 18 , 2017 Glenn Grant /s/ William Webb , Jr. Chief Financial Officer October 18 , 2017 William Webb , Jr. 26 .
Nature of Operations Dominion Energy , headquartered in Richmond , Virginia , is one of the nation s largest producers and transporters of energy .
There have been no material changes in the information pertaining to TETRA TECHNOLOGIES INC Risk Factors as disclosed in TETRA TECHNOLOGIES INC Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
John E. Crisp , or Mr. Crisp , an executive officer and director of Forbes Energy Services Ltd , serves on the board of directors of Texas Champion Bank .
Under the supervision and with the participation of BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC management , including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief President Bear and the Chief Financial Officer , BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC internal control over financial reporting as of January 2 , 2016 .
CLEAN DIESEL TECHNOLOGIES INC operates in multiple tax jurisdictions , both within and outside of the United States .
In addition , Entergy Arkansas , Entergy Louisiana , Entergy Mississippi , Entergy New Orleans , and Entergy Texas each entered into one or more uncommitted standby letter of credit facilities as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to MISO .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT franchises are free from burdensome restrictions , are unlimited as to time , and authorize us to sell potable water in all towns CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT now serve .
Monro also operates warehouses in Maryla nd ; Virginia ; New Hampshire ; Kentucky ; North Carolina , including two warehouse locations ; South Carolina and Tennessee .
As of September 30 , 2017 , VAPIR ENTERPRISES INC .
William J. McCall has served as Vice President Human Resources of Grace since 2010 .
Stephen E. Cummings President and Chief Executive Officer .
Pursuant to the terms of the Demonsaw APA , MGT CAPITAL INVESTMENTS INC agreed to purchase assets including the source code for the Demonsaw solution , intellectual property , customer lists , databases , sales pipelines , proposals and project files , licenses and permits .
Seagate Technology plc s operations are subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment , including those governing discharges of pollutants into the air and water , the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated sites .
In that connection in the fourth quarter of 2013 CADUS CORP formed three wholly - owned new subsidiaries , Blivet LLC , MB 2013 LLC and Happy Dragon LLC , through which it has purchased individual homes and individual residential lots for purposes of renovation or construction and resale , predominantly in Miami - Dade County , Florida .
In November 2016 , the Compensation Committee increased the base salary of Mr. Ahlstrom in connection with his promotion to Senior Vice President and Interim CFO from $ 350,000 to $ 400,000 , increased the base salary of Mr. Strickler in connection with his promotion to Senior Vice President of Administration , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary from $ 330,000 to $ 385,000 , and increased the base salary of Mr. Pangarkar from $ 350,000 to $ 365,000 in connection with market adjustments .
The preparation of REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented .
Bnet Media Group , Inc. 's consolidated financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business .
In Eastside Distilling , Inc. opinion , the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements include all material adjustments , all of which are of a normal and recurring nature , necessary to present fairly Eastside Distilling , Inc. financial position as of June 30 , 2017 , Eastside Distilling , Inc. operating results for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 and Eastside Distilling , Inc. cash flows for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
MARCUS CORP actual total long - term debt and debt - to - capitalization ratio at the end of fiscal 2016 are dependent upon , among other things , MARCUS CORP actual operating results , capital expenditures , potential acquisitions , asset sales proceeds and potential equity transactions during the year .
In connection with the amendment , Castle Brands Inc. and CB - USA entered into the following ancillary agreements : ( i ) a Reaffirmation Agreement with ( a ) certain officers of Castle Brands Inc. and CB - USA , including John Glover , Castle Brands Inc s Chief Operating Officer , T. Kelley Spillane , Castle Brands Inc s Senior Vice President - Global Sales , and Alfred Small , Castle Brands Inc s Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Secretary , ( b ) certain participants in the Bourbon Term Loan and ( c ) certain junior lenders to Castle Brands Inc , including Frost Gamma Investments Trust , an entity affiliated with Phillip Frost , M.D , a director and principal shareholder of Castle Brands Inc , Mark E. Andrews , III , a director of Castle Brands Inc and Castle Brands Inc s Chairman , an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen , a director of the Company and Castle Brands Inc s President and Chief Executive Officer , an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn , a director of Castle Brands Inc , Dennis Scholl , a former director of Castle Brands Inc , and Vector Group Ltd , a more than 5 % shareholder of Castle Brands Inc , of which Richard Lampen is an executive officer , Henry Beinstein , a director of Castle Brands Inc , is a director and Phillip Frost M.D. is a principal shareholder , which , among other things , reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer , Castle Brands Inc , CB - USA and ACF , as successor - in - interest to Keltic ; ( ii ) an Amended and Restated Term Note ; and ( iii ) an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note .
HILLS BANCORPORATION does not hold any investments in FNMA preferred stock , any pooled trust preferred stocks or other preferred stock type investments .
On August 1 , 2013 , Atlas used the net proceeds from the U.S. initial public offering to partially fund the repurchase of 18,000,000 of its outstanding preferred shares owned by KAI for $ 16.2 million .
STATE OF NEVADA ROSS MILLER Secretary of State Job Number : Reference Number : Expedite : Through Date : SCOTT W ANDERSON Deputy Secretary for Commercial Recordings OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF STATE Certified Copy March 14 , 2011 C20110311 - 2503 20110184300 - 60
HERTZ CORP international vehicle rental operations have company - operated locations in Australia , Belgium , Brazil , Canada , the Czech Republic , France , Germany , Italy , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , New Zealand , Puerto Rico , Slovakia , Spain , the United Kingdom and the U.S. Virgin Islands .
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES - OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I , Bill D. Otis , President and Chief Executive Officer of New Ulm Telecom , Inc , certify that : 1 .
Customers continued to take advantage of Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. low margin lending rates , which are tied to benchmark rates , such as the Federal Funds rate in the U.S. In 2015 , Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. customers paid 0.5 % to 1.86 % for their U.S. dollar margin loans with us .
Transaction Agreement Under the terms of the Transaction Agreement , dated January 11 , 2015 , by and between us and Roche Holdings , Inc , or the Transaction Agreement , Roche made an equity investment , or the Investment , including ( 1 ) a primary investment of $ 250 million in cash to purchase 5 million newly issued shares of Foundation Medicine , Inc. common stock at a purchase price of $ 50.00 per share and ( 2 ) a tender offer in which Roche acquired 15,604,288 outstanding shares of Foundation Medicine , Inc. common stock at a price of $ 50.00 per share .
Exhibit 10.5 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed November 16 , 2015 .
Rodney R. Wilkison , Governor and Vice Chairman .
Marie Myers ; age 49 ; Global Controller and Head of Finance Services Ms. Myers has served as Global Controller and Head of Finance Services since November 2015 .
Primarily as a result of the decrease in intellectual property costs , CLEARSIGN COMBUSTION CORP net loss for Q3 2017 was $ 2,472,000 as compared to a net loss of $ 3,846,000 for Q3 2016 , resulting in a decrease in net loss of $ 1,374,000 and CLEARSIGN COMBUSTION CORP net loss for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 was $ 7,087,000 as compared to a net loss of $ 8,866,000 for the same period in 2016 , resulting in a decrease in net loss of $ 1,779,000 .
In June 2015 , Mark Wells joined SQL Technologies Corp. as a consultant to provide product promotion and other sale consulting services , and in August 2016 , Mark Wells was hired as SQL Technologies Corp. President .
Because AOXIN TIANLI GROUP , INC . operations are located in China , information about AOXIN TIANLI GROUP , INC . operations are not readily available from independent third - party sources .
As of October 31 , 2017 , URBAN OUTFITTERS INC operated 12 restaurants under URBAN OUTFITTERS INC Food and Beverage division , all of which were located in the United States .
On June 3 , 2014 , GROWLIFE , INC . formed an Audit Committee and appointed an audit committee financial expert as defined by SEC and as adopted under the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
Mr. Siegel served on the board of directors of Micronetics , Inc. from April 1987 to June 2012 , a publicly traded manufacturer of microwave and radio frequency ( RF ) components , until its acquisition by Mercury Computer Systems , Inc.
Lease Amendment No . 11 , effective as of November 9 , 2017 , between Reata Pharmaceuticals , Inc. and SDCO Gateway Commerce I II , Inc. First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement , dated as of November 3 , 2017 , by and among Reata Pharmaceuticals , Inc , as borrower , Oxford Finance LLC , as the collateral agent and a lender , and Silicon Valley Bank , as a lender thereto ( incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Registrants Current Report on Form 8 - K , file No . 001 - 37785 , filed with the Commission on November 7 , 2017 .
Prior to joining Genzyme , Dr. Panzara served in roles of increasing responsibility at Biogen , including Vice President , Chief Medical Officer , Neurology from 2006 to 2009 and in various roles in the Medical Research group from 2001 to 2006 .
For the six months ended June 30 , 2016 , cash was mainly provided by an add - back of $ 226,740 of depreciation for non - cash expense , an increase in advances from customer of $ 288,861 , which were primarily offset by Joway Health Industries Group Inc loss of $ 450,091 .
Richard E. Menchaca , a member of the Board of Directors of EnerJex Resources , Inc , is a co - guarantor of bank debt held by Camber Energy , Inc. and Robert Schleizer , EnerJex Resources , Inc. newly appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer is also the Chief Financial Officer and a Director of Camber Energy , Inc.
( a ) Carvana Lessee shall undertake the Development Activities with respect to the Property pursuant to plans and specifications provided by Carvana Lessee and approved by VMRE prior to Closing as set forth in this Agreement ; promptly after Closing , Carvana Lessee shall commence and diligently complete the Development Activities ; ( b ) VMRE , as landlord under the Operator Lease , shall disburse to Carvana Lessee amounts related to certain costs and expenses for the Development Activities , all as expressly provided by and in accordance with the terms of the Operator Lease and the Disbursement Agreement ; in no event shall VMRE s obligation to disburse amounts to Carvana for Development Activities exceed the " Maximum Investment Amount " set forth in the applicable Disbursement Agreement ; ( c )
MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS INC 's effective tax rate for the three months ended December 26 , 2015 was lower than the statutory rate primarily due to earnings of foreign subsidiaries , generated primarily by MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS INC 's international operations managed in Ireland , that were taxed at lower rates and a $ 2.5 million discrete benefit for fiscal year 2015 research tax credits that were generated by the extension , retroactive to January 1 , 2015 , of the federal research tax credit by legislation that was signed into law on December 18 , 2015 , partially offset by stock - based compensation for which no tax benefit is expected .
Prior to joining MIDSOUTH BANCORP INC and the Bank , Mr. Blum worked for Whitney Bank since 1993 , having most recently served as Morgan City area president .
HLBE 's majority owned subsidiary , Agrinatural , property consists of 187 miles of distribution main pipelines and service pipelines , together with the associated easement and land rights , a town border station , meters and regulators , office and other equipment and construction in process .
On December 15 , 2014 , Triton Pacific Investment Corporation , Inc. entered into an agreement ( the Director Agreement ) with its three independent directors , Marshall Goldberg , William Pruitt and Ronald Ruther ( collectively , the Independent Directors ) , whereby the Independent Directors agreed to certain revisions to their compensation for serving as members of Triton Pacific Investment Corporation , Inc. s Board .
Loan Agreement with St. George Investments LLC On February 28 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with St. George Investments LLC , pursuant to which St. George Investments provided Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company with an aggregate investment of $ 100,000 in consideration of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issuance of convertible promissory notes and common share purchase warrants .
The Board of Directors has appointed a Risk Management / Compliance Committee which is chaired by Chief Risk / Compliance Officer Madeleine Lindsay , and includes outside directors Chairwoman Lisa Angelot , Director Ron Barels , Director Merrie Turner Lightner , Chief Executive Officer Thomas McGraw , President Jim Black , Chief Operating Officer Tony Clifford and Chief Financial Officer Dave Curtis .
Mr. Alexander has previously served as General Manager of Products Technology and General Manager of Transport and Switching Data Networking .
Finally , certain of CHIMERIX INC activities and CHIMERIX INC licensors activities have been funded , and may in the future be funded , by the U.S. federal government .
In analyzing prospective business opportunities , TRITON ACQUISITION CO sole officer and director , Mr. Beazer , will consider such matters as the available technical , financial and managerial resources ; working capital and other financial requirements ; history of operations , if any ; prospects for the future ; nature of present and expected competition ; the quality and experience of management services which may be available and the depth of that management ; the potential for further research , development , or exploration ; specific risk factors not now foreseeable but which then may be anticipated to impact the proposed activities of the Company ; the potential for growth or expansion ; the potential for profit ; the perceived public recognition or acceptance of products , services , or trades ; name identification ; and other relevant factors .
Planet Fitness , Inc. judgement - free approach to fitness and exceptional value proposition have enabled us to grow Planet Fitness , Inc. revenues to $ 330.5 million in 2015 and to become an industry leader with $ 1.5 billion in system - wide sales during 2015 ( which Planet Fitness , Inc. define as monthly dues and annual fees billed by us and Planet Fitness , Inc. franchisees ) , and approximately 7.3 million members and 1,124 stores in 47 states , the District of Columbia , Puerto Rico , Canada and the Dominican Republic as of December 31 , 2015 .
Net cash used in FBR & Co. operating activities of $ 19.6 million during 2015 compares to $ 18.9 million used in operating activities during 2014 .
The relationship agreement that TerraForm Power , Inc. entered into with Brookfield ( the " Relationship Agreement " ) governs certain aspects of the relationship between Brookfield and the Company .
Cash used in ITERIS , INC . operations for the three months ended June 30 , 2016 was primarily the result of approximately $ 960,000 of working capital used and ITERIS , INC . net loss of approximately $ 38,000 , adjusted by approximately $ 530,000 in non - cash items for deferred income taxes , depreciation , stock - based compensation , amortization , gain on sale of discontinued operation and loss on disposal of equipment .
Claris Injectables Limited On July 27 , 2017 , Baxter acquired 100 percent of Claris Injectables Limited ( Claris ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of Claris Lifesciences Limited , for total cash consideration of approximately $ 629 million , net of cash acquired .
Should California or another state in which Ideal Power Inc. derive a substantial portion of Ideal Power Inc. product revenues in the future change its utility rate structure or delay , eliminate or significantly reduce its incentive programs , demand for Ideal Power Inc. products could be substantially affected , which would adversely affect Ideal Power Inc. business prospects , financial condition and operating results .
On February 19 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into a share exchange agreement with GTCL and all of the holders of the outstanding equity of GTCL pursuant to which GTCL became a wholly owned subsidiary of Orbital Tracking Corp. For accounting purposes , this transaction is being accounted for as a reverse acquisition and has been treated as a recapitalization of Orbital Tracking Corp. with Global Telesat Communications Limited considered the accounting acquirer , and the financial statements of the accounting acquirer became the financial statements of the registrant .
CONCERT PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . are also required to obtain an export license from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission before shipping deuterium oxide from the United States to any contract manufacturer in another country .
DOUGLAS L. BECKER Douglas L. Becker Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
In conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America , Advanced Disposal Services , Inc. uses estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in these condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes .
In November 2013 , Castle Brands Inc entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement ( the 2013 Distribution Agreement ) with Barrington , as sales agent , under which the Company could issue and sell over time and from time to time , to or through Barrington , Shares of its common stock having a gross sales price of up to $ 6,000,000 .
On December 16 , 2013 , LinnCo and LINN Energy completed the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement , as amended , under which Berry s shareholders received 1.68 LinnCo common shares for each Berry common share they owned , totaling 93,756,674 LinnCo common shares .
If clinical studies of Intersect ENT , Inc. future products or product indications do not produce results necessary to support regulatory clearance or approval in the United States or , with respect to Intersect ENT , Inc. current or future products , elsewhere , Intersect ENT , Inc. will be unable to commercialize these products .
Samuels previously served as EASTMAN KODAK CO s Assistant Corporate Controller and brings to his position more than 20 years of leadership experience in corporate finance and public accounting .
Dave Boennighausen Chief Financial Officer and Director ( principal financial officer ) March 1 , 2016 /s/ KATHY LOCKHART .
The cash inflows in fiscal 2016 were from selling RAVEN INDUSTRIES INC 's St. Louis operations and related assets as well as the idle manufacturing facility in Huron , South Dakota .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of North America Frac Sand , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I , David Alexander , Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of North America Frac Sand , Inc , certify to the best of my knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
The Valuation Committee also decreased the fair value of MVC CAPITAL , INC . s investments in : BAC common stock by approximately $ 55,000 , Custom Alloy second lien loan by approximately $ 575,000 , Folio fn preferred stock by $ 264,000 , Initials loan by approximately $ 95,000 , JSC Tekers preferred stock by approximately $ 43,000 , MVC Automotive equity interest by $ 307,000 , MVC Environmental common stock by approximately $ 517,000 , RuMe series C preferred stock by approximately $ 186,000 , series B-1 preferred stock by approximately $ 9,000 , common stock by approximately $ 42,000 and warrant by approximately $ 66,000 , SCSD common stock by $ 560,000 , SGDA Europe common equity interest by approximately $ 252,000 and Vestal loan by approximately $ 57,000 , common stock by approximately $ 54,000 and warrant by approximately $ 62,000 .
Dr. Robinson has been a practicing pathologist since 1961 , and from 1987 until December 2004 , Dr. Robinson served as Director and Chairman of the Department of Pathology and Laboratory Medicine at Mount Sinai Medical Center , Miami Beach .
Amgen will be the Development Lead for the Product for the United States and shall have primary responsibility for Development activities for the Product in the United States in accordance with the applicable Development Plan and Development Budget , and Novartis shall provide both strategic input and operational support for such activities as agreed in the applicable Development Plan and Development Budget .
However , other expenses incurred in connection with the Refinancing adversely affected Neff Corp results for the year ended December 31 , 2014 , including a loss on the extinguishment of debt related to the redemption of the Senior Secured Notes of $ 15.9 million and an expense for the payments made to certain members of management and independent members of the board of directors in connection with the completion of the Refinancing of $ 24.5 million .
In addition , effective December 1 , 2014 , RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . terminated its investment in the Captive .
Mr. Fuller has served as a member of the Board of Directors of USANA since 2008 .
The PLP - USA segment is comprised of U.S. operations manufacturing PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO s traditional products primarily supporting domestic energy , telecommunications and solar products .
By /s/ Richard D. Rivera Name : Richard D. Rivera Title : Vice President .
The acquisition of 93,756,674 LINN Energy units , which are equal to the number of LinnCo shares issued as consideration for Berry , increased LinnCo , LLC s ownership of LINN Energy s outstanding units from approximately 15 % to approximately 39 % .
Prior to founding CXO on the GO , LLC , Mr. Fain served as Vice President of Finance - RayBan Sunoptics for Luxottica , SpA.
C & C TOURS INC net loss decreased to $ 4,767 for the 2017 third quarter compared to $ 4,855 for the 2016 third quarter .
Patrick J. Mahaffy , 54 , has served as a member of Orexigen Therapeutics , Inc. board of directors since February 2009 and the chairman of Orexigen Therapeutics , Inc. board of directors since April 2016 .
In 2000 , Kruchten was named Chief Operating Officer and vice president of the Document Imaging unit .
Previously , Mr. Ferriola served as President and Chief Operating Officer from January 2011 to December 2012 and , prior to that , as Chief Operating Officer of Steelmaking Operations from 2007 to 2010 , Executive Vice President from 2002 to 2007 and Vice President from 1996 to 2001 .
Other Information On November 1 , 2017 , the board of directors ( the Board ) of Sunoco GP LLC ( the Company ) the general partner of Sunoco LP ( the Partnership ) appointed Joseph Kim , currently Sunoco LP s President and Chief Operating Officer , as Sunoco LP s President and Chief Executive Officer , effective on January 1 , 2018 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Surna Inc , ( the Company ) for the quarterly period ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Trent Doucet , President and Chief Executive Officer of Surna Inc , and I , Dean S Skupen , Director of External Reporting of Surna Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ,
Prior to the Separation and distribution of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. s common stock to Grace s shareholders of record , Grace was GCP Applied Technologies Inc. s sole stockholder .
In addition , as Hughes Satellite Systems Corp preferred tracking stock is currently held by DISH Network , questions relating to conflicts of interest may also arise between DISH Network and us due to EchoStar and DISH Network s common ownership and Chairman .
From May 2003 to October 2005 , Ms. Dempsey served as the executive director of the President s Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board , which provides advice to the President of the United States concerning intelligence activities .
In April 2013 , an explosion and fire occurred at the West Fertilizer Co. ( West Fertilizer ) located in West , Texas , causing death , bodily injury and substantial property damage .
Date : April 5 , 2017 By : /s/ J. Scott Sitra J. Scott Sitra President , Chief Executive Officer , Secretary , Treasurer , Chief Financial Officer , Principal Executive Officer , Principal Financial Officer .
LinnCo , LLC share of LINN Energy s taxable income , gain , loss and deduction , or specific items thereof , may be substantially different than LinnCo , LLC interest in LINN Energy s economic profits .
Kraton Polymers LLC and its wholly - owned financing subsidiary Kraton Polymers Capital Corporation issued $ 440.0 million aggregate principal amount of 10.5 % Senior Notes due 2023 ( the 10.5 % Senior Notes ) that mature on April 15 , 2023 .
Jack L. Rivkin ( born 1940 ) joined the General Partner s predecessor entity , APM , as Chief Investment Officer in December 2013 , and was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the General Partner in June 2015 and Chief Investment Strategist in January 2016 .
For the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , the ineffective portion of derivatives accounted for using hedge accounting was not material to PRUDENTIAL ANNUITIES LIFE ASSURANCE CORP / CT s results of operations .
Purchase and Sale Agreement , dated October 31 , 2012 , between Clearwater Enterprises , L.L.C. and Zena Energy , L.L.C. Exhibit 99.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed November 2 , 2012 .
Exhibit 10.3 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed November 16 , 2015 .
In addition , if WL Ross Holding Corp. are unable to complete an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of WL Ross Holding Corp. IPO ( June 11 , 2016 ) for any reason , compliance with Delaware law may require that WL Ross Holding Corp. submit a plan of dissolution to WL Ross Holding Corp. then - existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in WL Ross
Richard W. Connor joined the board of Midstream Management in connection with Antero Midstream Partners LP listing on the NYSE , and serves as the Chairman of the audit committee .
HOFCO owned interests in about 10 key fields principally in Texas , and company - managed production was approximately 1,000 bpd of crude oil and 10 mm cfd of natural gas .
Mr. Clemmons professional experience as a real estate and development attorney provides the board with legal insight , and his strong analytical skills are helpful to the board s ability to manage the affairs of a highly regulated company .
The cash generated from operations is used for the payment of operating expenses , capital expenditures , debt service and dividends to American Assets Trust , Inc. 's stockholders and American Assets Trust , L.P. unitholders .
For the year ended December 31 , 2015 , FBR & Co. net loss was $ 7.5 million compared to net income of $ 17.0 million in 2014 .
MSSBH is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley .
On July 3 , 2017 , JetPay Corp and JetPay , LLC successfully settled a lawsuit with Ten Lords and Providence Interactive Capital ( the Plaintiffs ) by entering into a Compromise Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release ( the Settlement Agreement ) .
NioCorp Developments Ltd. ( the Company ) was incorporated on February 27 , 1987 under the laws of the Province of British Columbia and currently operates in one reportable operating segment consisting of exploration and development of mineral deposits in North America , specifically , the Elk Creek Niobium / Scandium / Titanium property ( the Elk Creek Project ) located in Southeastern Nebraska .
SIMULATIONS PLUS INC provide support to the GastroPlus User Group in Japan , which was organized by Japanese researchers in 2009 .
Effective March 3 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into another securities purchase agreement with Blue Citi LLC .
Investment in the Cole REITs As of March 31 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , VEREIT Operating Partnership , L.P. owned aggregate equity investments of $ 4.2 million and $ 4.7 million , respectively , in the Cole REITs and other affiliated offerings , presented in investment in unconsolidated entities in the consolidated balance sheets .
InspireMD , Inc. is taxed under U.S. tax laws .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT has assumed an 7.25 % return on plan investments for 2015 and 2014 , and a 4.00 % rate of compensation increase for CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT pension and post - retirement welfare plans , in 2015 and 2014 .
Mr. Grandey was recognized in 2014 for leadership in the nuclear industry with the U.S. Nuclear Energy Institutes William S. Lee Award ; inducted into the Canadian Mining Hall of Fame in 2013 ; awarded the Canadian Nuclear Association s Ian McRae Award in 2012 for his work in advancing nuclear energy in Canada ; and was nominated for the 2011 Oslo Business for Peace Award in recognition of his efforts to facilitate nuclear disarmament .
From 1999 through 2000 , Mr. Rupert served as President of CB5 , a real estate and restaurant development company that worked closely with the W Hotel division of Starwood Hotels .
Mr. Desilets holds a juris doctor degree from Widener University Delaware School of Law , a master of science degree in computer science from Villanova University , and a bachelor of science degree in physics from Ursinus College .
Effective March 1 , 2014 , the Partnership entered into a new futures brokerage account agreement with MS Co. ( the Customer Agreement ) and ceased paying brokerage commissions to MS Co. Under the Customer Agreement , the Partnership pays MS Co. trading fees for the clearing and , where applicable , the execution of transactions , as well as exchange , clearing , user , give - up and National Futures Association ( NFA ) fees ( the clearing fees ) through its investment in the Funds .
From LinnCo s formation in April 2012 to January 2014 , Mr. Rottino served as its Senior Vice President of Finance and Chief Accounting Officer .
On October 19 , 2016 , Avalon Globocare Corp. entered into and closed a Share Exchange Agreement with the shareholders of Avalon Healthcare System , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( AHS ) , each of which are accredited investors ( AHS Shareholders ) pursuant to which Avalon Globocare Corp. acquired 100 % of the outstanding securities of AHS in exchange for 50,000,000 shares of Avalon Globocare Corp. common stock ( the AHS Acquisition ) .
In accordance with the letter of intent , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. acquired , through Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. wholly owned subsidiary , Alta Disposal Ltd , 51 % of the outstanding securities of Alta Disposal Morinville ( being 510,000 common shares ) in consideration of an aggregate investment of CDN$466,547 ( approximately USD$453,204 ) in Alta Disposal Morinville s waste water disposal facility located in Morinville , Alberta , where Alta Disposal Morinville holds a 100 % working interest in 17 freehold mineral leases .
As of September 30 , 2016 , the tax years ended June 30 , 2007 through June 30 , 2016 for SHINECO , INC . s People s Republic of China ( PRC ) subsidiaries remain open for statutory examination by PRC tax authorities .
The sale of FOX shares in a secondary offering in March 2017 qualified as a Sale Event under Compass Group Diversified Holdings LLC 's LLC Agreement .
The substantial majority of IXYS CORP /DE/ products are assembled by subcontractors located outside of the United States .
This transaction changed Ampio s ownership from 81.5 % to 8.6 % of Aytu s outstanding shares on that date .
On April 7 , 2015 , the Board of Directors approved grants of additional options to purchase a total of 240,374 shares of XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP s common stock , with an exercise price of $ 6.38 , of which options to purchase 87,437 shares were granted to Phillip Sassower , XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP 's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , and options to purchase 27,937 shares were granted to Andrea Goren , a member of the Board of Directors .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates INSTRUCTURE INC management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on INSTRUCTURE INC consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
legal remedies against Hughes Satellite Systems Corp customers or Hughes Satellite Systems Corp business partners located outside of the U.S , it may be difficult for us to enforce Hughes Satellite Systems Corp rights against them .
International Recorded Music revenue increased $ 84 million primarily due to increases in digital revenue of $ 149 million , partially offset by decreases in physical revenue of $ 31 million , artist services and expanded - rights revenue of $ 25 million and licensing revenue of $ 9 million .
Compared to Three Months Ended September 30 , 2016 The following section provides an overview of Affinion Group Holdings , Inc. consolidated results of operations for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 as compared to the three months ended September 30 , 2016 .
August 2015 , TransDigm Group INC increased the borrowing capacity from $ 225 million to $ 250 million in connection with amending the Securitization Facility .
During the fourth quarter of 2015 , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC fully settled the benefit obligation of SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC pension plan .
In 2015 , Eric was the only named executive officer to defer his bonus under this plan .
In the U.S , NET 1 UEPS TECHNOLOGIES INC provide NET 1 UEPS TECHNOLOGIES INC offering to customers in the petroleum industry , and in certain instances NET 1 UEPS TECHNOLOGIES INC provide the working capital financing directly to NET 1 UEPS TECHNOLOGIES INC customer .
Mr. Goodman joined Blackstone in 2008 and is a Senior Managing Director and Co - Founder of GSO Capital Partners .
In addition to Clifton Bancorp Inc. main and loan offices located in Passaic County , Clifton Bancorp Inc. currently operate twelve banking centers in Bergen , Passaic , Essex and Hudson Counties in New Jersey , which , along with Morris and Union Counties in New Jersey , comprise Clifton Bancorp Inc. market area .
Joseph W. Dziedzic served as Chief Financial Officer ( " CFO " ) from 2009 until he was replaced on July 14 , 2016 when Brink 's announced that Ronald J. Domanico had joined BRINKS CO as the new CFO .
Since March 2015 , Ms. Protopapas has served as President , Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Mersana Therapeutics , Inc , a privately - held biotechnology company focused on engineering antibody drug conjugates .
During the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2015 , Messrs. Stuka and Loughlin and Dr. Barer served on InspireMD , Inc. compensation committee .
James F. Major , Jr. James F. Major , Jr. Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer ( principal financial officer ) .
Assaf Ran , President and Chief Executive Officer .
As a result of GENERAL ELECTRIC CO global operations , GENERAL ELECTRIC CO generate and incur a significant portion of GENERAL ELECTRIC CO revenues and expenses in currencies other than the U.S. dollar .
Mr. Kyte resigned as CEO in 2013 to pursue more challenging projects .
GT Biopharma , Inc. entered into employment contracts with GT Biopharma , Inc. executive officers on September 1 , 2017 , with Mr. Cataldo as executive chairman , Dr. Clarence - Smith as chief executive officer , Dr. Urbanski as chief medical officer and Mr. Weldon as chief financial officer .
In the event of any dispute between HGP and you arising out of your employment or the termination of your employment , Heritage Global Inc. each agree to submit Heritage Global Inc. dispute to binding arbitration in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of the American Arbitration Association in San Diego County , California .
UNITED RENTALS NORTH AMERICA INC operations in Canada are subject to the risks normally associated with international operations .
For the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 , the principal measure of Point Capital , Inc. financial performance was the net increase ( decrease ) in Point Capital ,
The Note grants the Holder a secured interest in the assets of DAIS ANALYTIC CORP Ms. Tangredi is the wife of Timothy Tangredi , DAIS ANALYTIC CORP s CEO and stockholder , and therefore is a related party of the Company .
See Note 8 , Related Party Notes Payable for a description of the Loan with the following related parties : Mr. Sieczkarek , Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company ; the Gail J. Maderis Revocable Trust , on behalf of Ms. Maderis , a Director of the Company ; Dr. McPherson , a Director of the Company ; and Pioneer Singapore and Mr. Fu , NovaBay Pharmaceuticals , Inc. s two largest stockholders .
When Granite Falls Energy , LLC use the terms " Granite Falls Energy " , " we " , " us " , " our " , the " Company " , " GFE " or similar words in this Annual Report on Form 10 - K , unless the context otherwise requires , Granite Falls Energy , LLC are referring to Granite Falls Energy , LLC and its wholly owned subsidiary , Project Viking , L.L.C , through which Granite Falls Energy , LLC hold a controlling interest in Heron Lake BioEnergy , LLC .
On March 22 , 2010 Richard K. Aland ( Purchaser ) agreed to acquire 23,907,138 shares of Demand Pooling , Inc. s common stock par value $ 0.0001 for a price of $ 0.0001 per share and Donald Kelly agreed to acquire 4,218,907 shares of the common stock par value $ 0.0001 for a price of $ 0.0001 per share at the same time , Accelerated Venture Partners , LLC agreed to tender 1,979,760 of its 5,000,000 shares of Demand Pooling , Inc. s common stock par value $ 0.0001 for cancellation .
NANOVIRICIDES , INC . and Dr. Seymour , NANOVIRICIDES , INC . s Chief Executive Officer and Director , entered into an employment agreement effective July 1 , 2015 , for a term of three years .
See Note 11 , " Long - Term Debt , " to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Revlon 's 2016 Form 10 - K for certain details regarding Products Corporation 's 2016 Revolving Credit Facility , which matures on the earlier of : ( x ) the fifth anniversary of the Elizabeth Arden Acquisition Date ; and ( y ) the 91st day prior to the maturity of Products Corporation s 5.75 % Senior Notes if , on that date ( and solely for so long as ) , ( i ) any of Products Corporation s 5.75 % Senior Notes remain outstanding and ( ii ) Products Corporation s available liquidity does not exceed the aggregate principal amount of the then outstanding 5.75 % Senior Notes by at least $ 200.0 million .
Net cash used in operating activities during 2013 primarily reflected INSTRUCTURE INC net loss of $ 22.5 million , offset by non - cash expenses that included $ 3.6 million of stock - based compensation , $ 1.5 million of depreciation and amortization , and $ 0.5 million for the change in warrant liability and $ 0.3 million related to other insignificant items .
Because Vectrus , Inc. s billed receivables are with the U.S. government , Vectrus , Inc. does not believe it has a material credit risk exposure .
Mr. Roberts has been the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of 1847 Holdings LLC company since its inception on January 22 , 2013 .
AMERI Holdings , Inc. were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in February 1994 as Spatializer Audio Laboratories , Inc , which was a shell company immediately prior to the Merger .
Fisher owned and/or operated twenty - two television stations in the following eight markets : Seattle - Tacoma , WA ; Portland , OR ; Spokane , WA ; Boise , ID ; Eugene , OR ; Yakima / Pasco / Richland / Kennewick , WA ; Bakersfield , CA ; and Idaho Falls / Pocatello , ID .
IKB Deutsche Industriebank On June 10 , 2005 , IXYS Semiconductor GmbH , IXYS CORP /DE/ German subsidiary , borrowed 10.0 million , or about $ 12.2 million at the time , from IKB Deutsche Industriebank , or IKB .
In the event that Mr. Winoker s employment is terminated by LIFETIME BRANDS , INC without cause , on account of LIFETIME BRANDS , INC s non - renewal of the term of the Employment Agreement or by Mr. Winoker for good reason , in each case prior to and in connection with , or within two years following , a change of control of LIFETIME BRANDS , INC , Mr. Winoker s severance payments and benefits are the same as described in item 1 above , except that the 24 months of base salary will be paid in one lump sum , and for purposes of Mr. Winoker s severance payments , base salary will be based on the greater of base salary in effect at the time of the change of control or termination of employment .
In connection with the merger , Moody National REIT II , Inc. could issue up to ( i ) approximately 2,727,301 shares of Moody National REIT II , Inc. common stock to the holders of Moody I common stock , based on approximately 13,303,908 shares of Moody I common stock outstanding as of March 8 , 2017 , and assuming that 50 % of Moody I s common stock is exchanged for the stock consideration , and ( ii ) approximately 5,454,602 shares of Moody National REIT II , Inc. common stock to the holders of Moody I common stock , based on approximately 13,303,908 shares of Moody I common stock outstanding as of March 8 , 2017 , and assuming that 100 % of Moody I s common stock is exchanged for the stock consideration .
During the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 , operating activities used $ 16.2 million of cash , primarily resulting from Deciphera Pharmaceuticals , Inc. net loss of $ 17.4 million , offset by non - cash charges of $ 1.0 million and cash provided by changes in Deciphera Pharmaceuticals , Inc. operating assets and liabilities of $ 0.2 million .
GCP Applied Technologies Inc. was incorporated on May 1 , 2015 for the purpose of holding the construction products and packaging technologies businesses of W. R. Grace Co.
J. Tomilson Hill is President and Chief Executive Officer of BAAM , a Vice Chairman of Blackstone and a member of the board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner .
Carnival Corporation was incorporated in Panama in 1972 and Carnival plc was incorporated in England and Wales in 2000 .
Solar Star Colorado III , LLC ( the Hooper Project Entity ) is an indirect subsidiary of the Hooper Class B Partnership , and OpCo holds a controlling interest in the Hooper Class B Partnership effective April 1 , 2016 .
The principal reasons for the usage of cash in InspireMD , Inc. operating activities for the twelve months ended December 31 , 2015 were a net loss of $ 15.6 million , as well as an increase in working capital of $ 0.2 million , offset by $ 3.1 million in non - cash share based compensation that was largely paid to InspireMD , Inc. directors , chief executive officer and chief operating officer $ 0.6 million of non - cash expenses related to the impairment of InspireMD , Inc. royalty buyout option ( discussed above ) , $ 0.3 million of non - cash financial expenses and $ 0.2 million of depreciation and amortization expenses .
If COPART INC lose the service of one or more of COPART INC executive officers or key employees , in particular Willis J. Johnson , COPART INC Chairman ; A. Jayson Adair , COPART INC Chief Executive Officer ; Vincent W. Mitz , COPART INC President ; and William E. Franklin , COPART INC Executive Vice President , or if one or more of these executives decide to join a competitor or otherwise compete directly or indirectly with us , COPART INC may not be able to successfully manage COPART INC business or achieve COPART INC business objectives .
Exhibit 10.3 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed December 8 , 2015 .
Garrett S. Sill has served as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since July 2013 .
On March 17 , 2017 , an Ultratech shareholder filed a purported class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California , captioned The Vladimir Gusinsky Rev. Trust v. Ultratech , Inc , et al , Case No . 4:17 - cv-01468 - PJH , on behalf of itself and all other Ultratech shareholders against Ultratech , its directors at the time the acquisition was announced , Veeco , and Merger Sub .
As discussed in Note 6 , Petro River Oil Corp. entered into ten promissory note agreements with Fortis , with total principal amount of $ 26,344,883 as of July 31 , 2017 .
However , as STERLING CONSTRUCTION CO INC continue to improve STERLING CONSTRUCTION CO INC project execution and strengthen STERLING CONSTRUCTION CO INC internal control environment , these downward percent - complete revisions have been less significant which helped increase STERLING CONSTRUCTION CO INC gross margin in STERLING CONSTRUCTION CO INC operating results for 2016 .
From 1985 through 1987 , Mr. Parsh was employed with Schlumberger / Sentry Test Systems as a Senior ATE Designer .
Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. will settle the net amounts due to or due from affiliates on a quarterly basis , either in cash or as an offset against obligations Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. has incurred to the Adviser .
The loss on the sale of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC Puerto Rico operations and certain other collection and landfill assets in 2014 , which were included in Tier 3 and Tier 1 , respectively ; .
In addition , if at any time during the term of the distribution agreement , Penumbra , Inc. distributes or offers for sale products that , in InspireMD , Inc. reasonable judgment , compete with CGuard EPS , then InspireMD , Inc. may terminate the distribution agreement or change the exclusive rights granted to non - exclusive rights upon providing 30 days notice to
Planet Fitness , Inc. and Planet Fitness , Inc. franchisees currently operate stores in 47 states , Puerto Rico , Canada and the Dominican Republic , and Planet Fitness , Inc. and Planet Fitness , Inc. franchisees .
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in the applicable Settlement Agreement and/or the Warrant Agreement , ATI and Company agree that unless ATI delivers to ACTIVECARE , INC .
Orbital Tracking Corp. wholly owned subsidiary , Orbital Satcom Corp , represented $ 1,181,007 of the increase .
On October 9 , 2015 , a derivative complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois , captioned Elizabeth Herrera v. Hunt , et al , case number 1:15 - cv-08937 , naming VASCO s Board of Directors and certain of its current and former executive officers as individual defendants and VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC as a nominal defendant .
Accordingly , these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in VMware s Form 10 - K filed on February 24 , 2017 .
In response to the feedback received , in September 2016 , GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC submitted a status report on GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC actions to address these shortcomings and , in June 2017 , GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC submitted GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC 2017 resolution plan .
On February 24 , 2012 , Jonathan D. Gray was appointed to the board of directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C , the general partner of
Mr. Woodward has served on the board of directors of NewsEdge Corp , Zomax , Inc , Innodata - Isogen , Inc. and SMF Energy Corp , and is currently a director of TSS , Inc. and Precision Options Corporation .
Based on this evaluation , HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP INC / DE increased its net asbestos reserves for prior year development by $ 197 in second quarter 2016 .
Domestic Coke consists of SunCoke Energy Partners , L.P. Haverhill , Middletown and Granite City cokemaking and heat recovery operations located in Franklin Furnace , Ohio ; Middletown , Ohio ; and Granite City , Illinois , respectively .
The discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon LeGall Holdings Inc. financial statements , which have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
Hanover will coordinate with QuantumSphere s management the strategy and implementation of activities related to the public disclosure of QUANTUMSPHERE , INC . s annual and quarterly results , to include copywriting and processing to the wire related news announcements ; copywriting teleconference scripts and rehearsing management in advance of the scheduled calls and webcasts ; following the quarterly and year end results calls , collecting feedback from all call and webcast participants and producing feedback report ; and , as applicable , adding participants to first call list and email database .
An increase in personnel costs of $ 49.6 million or 5.0 % , primarily due to ( i ) increased staffing levels , as increases in U.K./Ireland , the European Division s central operations , Germany and , to a lesser extent , Switzerland / Austria , were only partially offset by decreased staffing levels in the Netherlands and ( ii ) annual wage increases ; .
GROUP 1 AUTOMOTIVE INC total Same Store used vehicle wholesale gross profit declined 79.0 % from $ 1.9 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 to $ 0.4 million for the comparable period in 2017 .
The 2015 Senior Notes were secured by substantially all assets of Ener - Core , Inc. and provide for specified events of default , including : ( i ) failure to pay principal and interest when due , and ( ii ) failure to effectuate a reverse stock split on or prior to the three - month anniversary of the first tranche of 2015 Senior Notes , which Ener - Core , Inc. effectuated in July 2015 .
Most recently Mr. Smith has served as Executive Vice President of Homebuilding Operations , a position he had held since August 2015 .
Jennifer Moser , a managing member and co - investor of TSG , and her husband , Matthew Moser , through an ownership interest in Orange October , LLC , entered into an ADA with us dated June 19 , 2015 under which they are obligated to open eight Planet Fitness stores and paid ADA fees to us totaling $ 80,000 .
The Contingent Payment of up to an aggregate $ 100,000 will be made to Enderby in connection with personal services to be performed by him pursuant to an employment agreement entered into in connection with the Closing of the Transaction ( the Enderby Employment Agreement ) as follows : ( i ) $ 25,000 on the six - month anniversary of the Closing , an additional $ 50,000 on the first - year anniversary of the Closing and a final $ 25,000 on the 18 - month anniversary of the Closing , if as of each such date , BAHA s revenue is greater than $ 6,000,000 .
WMG also settled all of the 2017 Notes Hedges ( receiving $ 70 million ) and repurchased all of the warrants associated with the 2017 Notes ( paying $ 60 million ) , generating net proceeds of approximately $ 10 million .
Suspension of Equity Method Accounting As discussed in Note 2 , Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in Pattern Energy Group Inc. 's 2016 Form-10 K , Pattern Energy Group Inc. may suspend recognition of equity method earnings when Pattern Energy Group Inc. receives distributions in excess of the carrying value of its investment , and Pattern Energy Group Inc. is not liable for the obligations of the investee nor otherwise committed to provide financial support , Pattern Energy Group Inc. recognizes such excess distributions as equity method earnings in the period the distributions occur .
Mr. Miller has also been the Chief Financial Officer of GBA since May 2014 .
From 2005 to 2012 , Mr. Brody served as a director , and for a portion of the time as member Vice Chairman , of OCC ( formerly , The Options Clearing Corporation ) , of which Timber Hill LLC and Interactive Brokers LLC are members .
As a publicly - traded company , FREDS INC are subject to numerous federal securities laws and regulations , including the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended , and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , and related rules and regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) , as well as the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 and the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act .
For 2016 , Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas named executive officers were : Sanjay Bhasin , Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas President and Chief Executive Officer , who joined us on May 12 , 2014 ; Tom Lewis , Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ; Kalyan Madhavan , Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas Executive Vice President and Group Head , Members and Markets , who joined us on August 11 , 2014 ; Jibo Pan , Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas Executive Vice President and Head of Capital Markets , who joined us on August 11 , 2014 ; and Paul Joiner , Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer .
Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions , including , in some instances , fines , imprisonment and , within the United States , exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs , including Medicare , Medicaid and Veterans Administration health programs .
In addition , CARDINAL HEALTH INC conduct CARDINAL HEALTH INC business in U.S. dollars and various functional currencies of CARDINAL HEALTH INC foreign subsidiaries .
Ira Levy has served as President , Chief Executive Officer and a director of Surge Components since its inception in November 1981 , and as Chief Financial Officer since March 2010 .
This loan has an interest rate of 7.00 % and was modified in 2017 to allow SoLayTec to defer repayment indefinitely , contingent on SoLayTec s results of operations .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates LEMAITRE VASCULAR INC have adopted various accounting policies to prepare LEMAITRE VASCULAR INC consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles , or U.S. GAAP .
Mr. Levin has served , since 1991 , as President of Levin Development Company , a real estate development and consulting firm .
Revenues : STERICYCLE INC consolidated revenues increased $ 44.3 million , or 2.5 % , for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 to $ 1.81 billion from $ 1.77 billion in the same period of last year .
Under Pennsylvania law , Essent Group Ltd. insurance subsidiaries may pay ordinary dividends without prior approval of the Pennsylvania Insurance Commissioner ( the " Commissioner " ) , but are not permitted to pay extraordinary dividends without the prior approval of the Commissioner .
Dalian BAK Power , located in Dalian , China , incorporated on December 27 , 2013 , which focuses on the development and manufacture of high - power lithium batteries .
As of December 31 , 2016 , EQT owned 100 % of the non - economic general partner interest and a 90.1 % limited partner interest in EQGP .
TETRA TECHNOLOGIES INC also operate facilities in various U.S. and foreign locations that are used in the manufacture , storage , and sale of TETRA TECHNOLOGIES INC products , inventories , and equipment .
On December 1 , 2009 , Joway Health Industries Group Inc , through its subsidiary Joway Shengshi , entered into a royalty - free license agreement with Jinghe Zhang , Joway Health Industries Group Inc President , Chief Executive Officer and director .
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS , that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Pehong Chen to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10 - K , and to file the same , with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith , with the Securities and Exchange Commission , hereby ratifying and confirming all that the said attorney - in - fact , or his substitute or substitutes , may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof .
Robert J. Eck , 58 Director of ANIXTER INTERNATIONAL INC since 2008 ; President and Chief Executive Officer of ANIXTER INTERNATIONAL INC since July 2008 .
In exchange for the consideration , promises , and covenants contained in this Agreement , Mr. Moseley , on behalf of himself and his respective agents , representatives , attorneys , assigns , heirs , executors and administrators , hereby releases and forever discharges UMED and all of its past , present and future owners , partners , shareholders , parent companies , subsidiaries , divisions , related entities , affiliates , and insurers , and each of their respective past , present and future directors , officers , shareholders , agents , representatives , employees , insurers , attorneys , predecessors , successors , heirs , and assigns , and any and all of them ( collectively , the Released Parties ) , from any and all liability , actions , causes of action , claims , charges , complaints , demands , grievances , obligations , losses , damages , injuries and legal responsibilities , of any type whatsoever , whether known or unknown , unforeseen , unanticipated , unsuspected or latent , which Mr. Moseley , now owns or holds , or has at any time heretofore owned or held , or may at any time hereafter own or hold , by reason of any matter arising from any cause whatsoever prior to the Separation Date that are based upon , relate to or arise out of Mr. Moseley 's employment with UMED or separation or termination of employment with UMED , whether in law , equity , contract or tort , including , without limitation , under the Fair Labor Standards Act , National Labor Relations Act , Labor Management Relations Act , Employee Retirement Income Security Act , Title V Il of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , as amended , Civil Rights Act of 1991 , Americans with Disabilities Act , as amended , Age Discrimination in Employment Act , as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act of 1990 , Rehabilitation Act of 1973 , Executive Order 1 1246 , Family and Medical Leave Act , SarbanesOxley Act of 2002 , Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act , Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 , any amendments to any of the foregoing statutes , or under any other federal , state , municipal or other governmental statute , regulation , ordinance or order , including , without limitation , under any and all applicable state and federal laws .
As Venezuela is designated as highly inflationary , foreign currency translation adjustments of Revlon Venezuela s balance sheet have been reflected in REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's earnings .
Immediately upon receipt of net assets ( consisting of two of the five satellites and related in - orbit incentive obligations ) from DISH Network in exchange for EchoStar Tracking Stock , EchoStar transferred such net assets to us .
CHEETAH ENTERPRISES , INC . operations commenced in January 2015 , as such comparative numbers prior to this , for the period of inception ( June 27 , 2014 ) to November 30 , 2014 , are not reflective of CHEETAH ENTERPRISES , INC . results for the year ended November 30 , 2015 , due to the recent start of these operations .
Berry Acquisition On December 16 , 2013 , LinnCo , LLC completed the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement between LinnCo , LLC , LINN Energy and Berry under which LinnCo acquired all of the outstanding common shares of Berry and the .
Rolando B. Rodriguez joined MARCUS CORP company in August 2013 as MARCUS CORP Executive Vice President and President and Chief Executive Officer of Marcus Theatres Corporation .
On March 1 , 2016 , HCi Viocare approved a one - year extension to the consulting agreement ( the " Agreement " ) between HCi Viocare and its Vice - President , Sergios Katsaros , originally entered into on September 1 , 2015 .
ADC technology is also the basis of SEATTLE GENETICS INC /WA collaborations with AbbVie , Astellas , Bayer , Celldex , Genentech , GSK , Pfizer , and Progenics , and SEATTLE GENETICS INC /WA co - development agreements with Takeda , Astellas , and Genmab .
The Pakistani subsidiary , NetSol PK has an approved facility for export refinance from Askari Bank Limited amounting to Rupees 300 million ( $ 2,858,776 ) which requires NetSol PK to maintain a long term debt equity ratio of 60:40 and the current ratio of 1:1 .
offset by $ 15 million higher risk exposure fee income and an $ 18 million gain from Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. hedging activities to offset Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. losses related to the Swiss franc event .
INC 's principal executive and principal financial officers , or persons performing similar functions , and effected by ROSS STORES
Mark P. Smith has served as Senior Vice President of the Manufacturing Services Division of AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS CORP company and as President of Manufacturing Services for Smith Wesson Corp , a subsidiary of AMERICAN OUTDOOR BRANDS CORP company , since March 2016 .
Eric joined Man Investments in 2004 and has held a number of roles in Man s multi - manager business including Head of structured products , portfolio construction , quantitative analysis and product strategy and business development .
Although CYBEROPTICS CORP have been focusing on development of the MRS sensor for application in the SMT industry , in January 2015 , CYBEROPTICS CORP entered into a mutually exclusive agreement with KLA - Tencor to supply MRS sensor subsystems for its back - end semiconductor package inspection systems .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Valvoline Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , each of the undersigned , Samuel J. Mitchell , Jr , Chief Executive Officer of VALVOLINE INC , and Mary E. Meixelsperger , Chief Financial Officer of VALVOLINE INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
HEALTHCARE Corp CTO , Curtis Hollister , is currently a principal shareholder and operator of two video content platform based businesses in Ottawa Canada that have built and own the intellectual property for various global corporate and governmental projects having similar requirements as ours .
I , Christine H. Yap , Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of ICON Capital , LLC , the Manager of the Registrant , in connection with the Annual Report of ICON Leasing Fund Eleven , LLC ( the LLC ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Annual Report ) , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Investments in Foreign Joint Ventures American Electric Technologies Inc have interests in two joint ventures , outside of the United States of America ( U.S. ) which are accounted for using the equity method : BOMAY Electric Industries Company , Ltd. ( BOMAY ) , in which American Electric Technologies Inc holds a 40 % interest , Baoji Oilfield Machinery Co , Ltd. ( a subsidiary of China National Petroleum Corporation ) holds a 51 % interest , and AA Energies , Inc , holds a 9 % interest .
Prior to joining The Carlyle Group , Mr. Genachowski was the Chairman of the FCC from 2009 to 2013 .
Mr. Precourt serves as a director and is the past Chairman of the Board of the Saskatchewan Potash Producers Association and is a Director of Fertilizer Canada .
President , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Michael Strambi .
If the Employee shall become physically or mentally disabled so that the Employee is unable substantially to perform his services hereunder for ( 1 ) a period of 120 consecutive days , or ( 2 ) for shorter periods aggregating to 180 days during any twelve - month period , ALEXION PHARMACEUTICALS INC may terminate the Employee s employment hereunder upon not less than thirty ( 30 ) days prior written notice given by ALEXION PHARMACEUTICALS INC to the Employee .
James F. McCabe , Jr , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer . ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
Nucor s investment in NuMit at December 31 , 2015 , was $ 314.5 million ( $ 301.5 million as of December 31 , 2014 ) .
Mr. Quist 's expertise in insurance , legal , and regulatory matters led the Board of Directors to conclude that he should serve as a director .
The agreements include the sale of AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC subsidiary operations in Argentina , Chile , Colombia , Uruguay and Venezuela , as well as insurance operations in Turkey .
Accordingly , no provision has been made for the U.S. federal , state , or foreign taxes that may result from future remittances of undistributed earnings of SYNAPTICS Inc foreign subsidiaries .
Medical Properties Trust , Inc. was incorporated under Maryland law on August 27 , 2003 , and MPT Operating Partnership , L.P. was formed under Delaware law on September 10 , 2003 .
Virginia National Bankshares Corporation is headquartered at 404 People Place , Charlottesville , Virginia .
As a result of the mandatory conversion of Cheniere Partners Class B units on August 2 , 2017 , as of September 30 , 2017 , Cheniere Holdings owned a 48.6 % limited partner interest in Cheniere Partners in the form of 104.5 million common units and 135.4 million subordinated units , with the remaining non - controlling interest held by Blackstone CQP Holdco LP ( Blackstone CQP Holdco ) and the public .
An interruption in CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT water supply could have a material adverse effect on CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT financial condition and results of operations .
These figures include relevant payments in favor of clients of PowerShares DB Multi - Sector Commodity Trust subsidiary Postbank .
Mr. Kendrick has been Vice President of BORGWARNER INC and President and General Manager of BorgWarner Transmissions Systems LLC since September 2011 .
BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC currently operate company - owned stores in the United Kingdom , Canada , Ireland and Denmark .
difficulties , delays or unanticipated costs or charges or less than expected cost reductions and other benefits resulting from REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's restructuring activities , such as greater than anticipated costs or charges or less than anticipated cost reductions or other benefits from the December 2013 Program , the Integration Program and/or the 2015 Efficiency Program and/or the risk that any of such programs may not satisfy REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s objectives ; ( vi ) lower than expected operating revenues , cash on hand and/or funds available under the Amended Revolving Credit Facility and/or other permitted lines of credit or higher than anticipated operating expenses , such as referred to in clause ( viii ) below , and/or less than anticipated cash generated by REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's domestic operations or unanticipated restrictions or taxes on repatriation of foreign earnings ; ( vii ) the unavailability of funds under Products Corporation 's Amended Revolving Credit Facility or other permitted lines of credit ; or from difficulties , delays in or REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's inability to take other measures , such as reducing discretionary spending ; ( viii )
DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States .
As a result of the acquisition of NLEX in 2014 , and the recognition of an indefinite - lived intangible asset in the amount of $ 2.4 million related to the NLEX trade name , Heritage Global Inc. is required to record a non - current deferred tax liability in the amount of $ 1.0 million .
YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . operations are primarily conducted in the PRC , where the PRC government restricts or prohibits foreign - owned enterprises from owning Internet content , telecommunication , and certain other operations in the PRC .
In order to induce us to enter into the merger agreement , on March 31 , 2017 , Napo entered into a Settlement and Discounted Payoff Agreement with Nantucket and the lenders named therein ( the Settlement Agreement ) pursuant to which Napo agreed , simultaneously with the consummation of the merger , ( a ) to make a cash payment to Nantucket of no less than $ 8 million , which will reduce the outstanding principal obligations under the Litigation Financing Agreement , dated October 10 , 2014 , by and between Napo and Nantucket ( the Financing Agreement ) , and ( b ) in satisfaction as a compromise for the outstanding obligations under the Financing Agreement and the release of any lien or security interest in respect of such outstanding obligations , ( x ) to transfer to Nantucket 2,666,666 shares of Jaguar Animal Health , Inc. common stock owned by Napo and ( y ) pursuant to the merger agreement , to cause us to issue to Nantucket 1,940,382 newly issued shares of Jaguar Animal Health , Inc. voting common stock and 38,380,028 newly issued shares of Jaguar Animal Health , Inc. non - voting common stock , which shares are subject to the terms of the Investor Rights Agreement described below .
All VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC IP in VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC traditional authentication business is owned by two subsidiaries , one in the U.S , and one in Switzerland .
On February 20 , 2017 , TROPIC INTERNATIONAL INC . entered into a proposal with RBC Medical Innovations ( RBC ) for RBC to develop a radio frequency treatment system , leveraging technology acquired by TROPIC INTERNATIONAL INC . via the License Agreement with the Clinic .
The principal components of net cash used for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 were , in approximate numbers , ULURU Inc. net loss of $ 463,000 , a decrease of $ 41,000 in deferred revenues due to amortization of revenues , and an increase of $ 71,000 in accounts receivable .
As NUVASIVE INC increasingly compete in markets outside of the United States , NUVASIVE INC are and will be exposed to foreign currency exchange risk related to NUVASIVE INC foreign operations .
Based upon PROGRESSIVE CORP / OH/ capital planning and forecasting efforts , PROGRESSIVE CORP / OH/ believe that PROGRESSIVE CORP / OH/ have sufficient capital resources , cash flows from operations , and borrowing capacity to support PROGRESSIVE CORP / OH/ current and anticipated business needs , scheduled principal and interest payments on PROGRESSIVE CORP / OH/ debt , payment obligations under the ARX stockholders agreement , any declared dividends , and other expected capital requirements .
A decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any period may not be immediately reflected in ADOBE SYSTEMS INC reported financial results for that period , but may result in a decline in ADOBE SYSTEMS INC revenue in future quarters .
Effective January 1 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a consulting agreement for a term of 12 months with International Compass , LLC for the services of Bryan Kleinlein as chief financial officer of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company .
On December 15 , 2010 , Alexander Walsh , a director and officer of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company , entered into an assignment of debt agreement with Nanuk Warman , which was also acknowledged by Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company , whereby the debt of $ 47,537 advanced by Mr. Warman to Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company and outstanding as of December 6 , 2010 , was assigned to Mr. Walsh .
As of March 31 , 2017 , ATLAS AMERICA PUBLIC # 9 LTD .
Because FTI CONSULTING INC are a public company based in the United States , United States laws govern FTI CONSULTING INC business operations and conduct .
Terrorist attacks in the U.S and elsewhere and natural disasters ( such as hurricanes or pandemic health crises ) have in the past negatively affected , and can in the future negatively affect LSB INDUSTRIES INC operations .
On December 21 , 2015 , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . entered into an Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement ( the Amended and Restated SSS Purchase Agreement ) with SSS , pursuant to which YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
In September 2013 , 1847 Holdings LLC wholly - owned subsidiary 1847 Management Services Inc. ( 1847 Management ) acquired a 50 % interest in each of two consulting firms previously controlled by 1847 Holdings LLC Chief Executive Officer , PPI Management Group , LLC and Christals Management , LLC .
At no time may LPC Note One be converted into shares of KonaRed Corp common stock if such conversion would result in LPC and its affiliates owning an aggregate of shares of KonaRed Corp common stock in excess of 4.99 % of the then outstanding shares of KonaRed Corp common stock , provided such percentage may increase to 9.99 % upon not less than 61 days prior written notice .
Mr. Jacobs served for 13 years as a member of the audit staff of Ernst Young LLP , where he attained the position of senior manager .
Antelope Coal and State of Wyoming filed their respective Answers on January 20 , 2015 .
In May 2016 , ANI PHARMACEUTICALS INC entered into a credit arrangement ( the Line of Credit ) with Citizens Bank Capital , a division of Citizens Asset Finance , Inc. ( the Citizens Agreement ) .
As of December 31 , 2016 , the ESOP had not purchased any shares of SOTHERLY HOTELS LP s common stock and had not drawn funds under the loan agreement with the Company .
Mr. Silber s annual salary of $ 137,500 , and a discretionary bonus of up to 100 % of his base salary , have been fixed at these amounts since 2005 , but neither his salary nor bonus eligibility will continue starting in 2016 due to Mr. Silber no longer being Heritage Global Inc. Chief Executive Officer or President .
Ms. Henry joined Stonegate in February 2014 as SVP , Credit Administration from Flagstar Bank where she served as SVP , Director of Mortgage Underwriting Operations since 2008 .
Mr. Meyer has been an Executive Vice President since December 2006 and a Senior Vice President since December 2005 .
If YIELD10 BIOSCIENCE , INC . fail to continue to meet all applicable NASDAQ Capital Market requirements in the future and NASDAQ determines to delist YIELD10 BIOSCIENCE , INC . common stock , the delisting could substantially decrease trading in YIELD10 BIOSCIENCE , INC . common stock and adversely affect the market liquidity of YIELD10 BIOSCIENCE , INC . common stock ; adversely affect YIELD10 BIOSCIENCE , INC . ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms , if at all , for the continuation of YIELD10 BIOSCIENCE , INC . operations ; and harm YIELD10 BIOSCIENCE , INC . business .
In May 2012 , BIOLARGO , INC . formed a subsidiary for the purpose of marketing and selling medical products containing BIOLARGO , INC . technology , Clyra Medical Technologies , Inc.
The following table represents HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA s stock option activity for the year ended December 31 , 2015 ( in thousands , except per share data and years ): .
Until March 2014 , Mr. Rogers also served as Chairman of the Banking / Finance Subcommittee for Medical Marijuana Industry Group , Denver , CO , a government relations organization , that he and Mr. Jennewine helped form in 2010 .
In 2015 , Carlyle Group L.P. formed eight new CLOs and consolidated the financial positions and results of operations of such CLOs into Carlyle Group L.P. consolidated financial statements beginning on their respective formation dates or closing dates .
Paritosh K. Choksi Paritosh K. Choksi Director , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of ATEL Managing Member , LLC ( Managing Member ) .
Furthermore , DSM , Total , Vivo and Temasek each hold convertible preferred stock , convertible promissory notes or warrants , pursuant to which they may acquire additional shares of AMYRIS , INC . common stock and thereby increase their ownership interest in AMYRIS , INC . company .
SEARS HOLDINGS CORP fourth quarter operating results may fluctuate significantly , based on many factors , including holiday spending patterns and weather conditions .
BRIAN R. BACHMAN Director November 16 , 2017 Brian R. Bachman .
In 2015 , WRA revenues were $ 1,583,000 compared to $ 3,700,000 in 2014 .
Inventergy Global , Inc. s financing activities for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 resulted in net cash received of $ 385,000 from proceeds of short - term notes , related party .
Among other changes , the amendments extended the maturity of the term loan by one year to January 2018 to allow FXCM more time to optimize remaining asset sales ; gave Leucadia a 49.9 % common membership interest in FXCM , and up to 65 % of all distributions ; created a six -member board for FXCM , comprised of three directors appointed by Leucadia and three directors appointed by FXCM Holdings ; put in place a long - term incentive program for FXCM 's senior management ; entered into a management agreement pursuant to which FXCM Holdings will manage the assets and day - to - day operations of FXCM and its subsidiaries ; and gave FXCM Holdings the same right Leucadia has to require a sale of FXCM beginning in January 2018 .
GENEREX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP have fixed - term agreements with only certain members of GENEREX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP key management and scientific staff , Mark Fletcher , President and CEO of Generex , and Eric von Hofe , President of Antigen .
Mr. Joe has also served as a principal of the Managing Owner since September 25 , 2015 .
Mark W. Richards Mark W. Richards Chief Financial Officer Dated : June 5 , 2017 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Astika Holdings , Inc. and will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request .
Orbital Satcom purchased an aggregate of approximately $ 114,000 of inventory from GTCL in January , February and March 2015 .
Taylor Morrison Home Corp quarterly operating results may fluctuate because of the seasonal nature of Taylor Morrison Home Corp business and other factors .
Richard Moore has served as Planet Fitness , Inc.
Merger Agreement CST BRANDS , INC . Agreement and Plan of Merger ( the Merger Agreement ) entered into on August 21 , 2016 with Circle K Stores Inc , a Texas corporation ( Parent ) , and Ultra Acquisition Corp , a Delaware corporation and an indirect , wholly owned subsidiary of Parent ( Merger Sub ) .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Luby s , Inc. ( the Registrant ) on Form 10 - Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 15 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , K. Scott Gray , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of LUBYS INC , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
At December 31 , 2016 and 2015 Pangaea Logistics Solutions Ltd. had one - third ownership interest in NBHC , the remainder of which is owned by third - parties .
In connection with Mr. Arena s appointment , PARALLAX HEALTH SCIENCES , INC . entered into an Executive Employment Agreement ( the Agreement ) with Mr. Arena dated July 7 , 2017 , wherein Mr. Arena s will serve as President and Chief Executive Officer for a period of three ( 3 ) years .
From 2006 to 2008 , Mr. Mendham served as Manager of Technical Services for Rio Tinto Coal Australia , a subsidiary of Rio Tinto Group .
NanoString Technologies Inc total revenue has increased to $ 52.7 million for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 from $ 37.3 million for the first six months of 2016 .
OMPHALOS , CORP net loss was $ 95,411 for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 compared to a net loss of $ 90,432 for the three months ended September 30 , 2016 .
We prepare Fortune Valley Treasures , Inc. financial statements in United States dollars and in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as applied in the United States , referred to as U.S. GAAP .
As previously reported , in November 2015 VALHI INC /DE/ entered into an agreement with Rockwell Holdco , Inc. ( " Rockwell " ) , for the sale of WCS to Rockwell .
Rothacker is the sole member and manager of 3032 Wilshire SM LLC .
Exhibit 32.1 The undersigned , Daniel Draper , Principal Executive Officer of Invesco PowerShares Capital Management LLC , the Managing Owner of PowerShares DB Oil Fund ( the Fund ) , a series of PowerShares DB Multi - Sector Commodity Trust , hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
SOUTHERN COPPER CORP/ Peruvian operations include the Toquepala and Cuajone mine complexes and the smelting and refining plants , industrial railroad and port facilities that service both mines .
Mr. Sisko also previously served as Senior Vice President Corporate Development and General Counsel of National Media Corporation , at the time a New York Stock Exchange - listed multi - media marketing company with operations in 70 countries , and as a partner in the corporate finance , mergers and acquisitions practice group of the Philadelphia - based law firm , Klehr , Harrison , Harvey , Branzburg LLP .
The Chairman of UNIT CORP Board , John Nikkel is a 25.8 % owner of Rampart Holdings , Inc. which owns 100 % of Toklan Oil and Gas Company ( Toklan ) , an oil and gas exploration and production company located in Tulsa , Oklahoma .
In August 2017 , ESSEX PORTFOLIO LP formed a new joint venture entity , Wesco V , with an institutional partner .
Retail Regulatory Matters ALABAMA POWER CO 's rates and charges for service to retail customers are subject to the regulatory oversight of the Florida PSC .
SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO have prepared SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP .
Furthermore , during the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , Carter Validus Mission Critical REIT , Inc. terminated the lease of a tenant that generated approximately $ 7.3 million in rental revenue during the six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
On October 5 , 2016 , RAIT Financial Trust sold all 7,269,719 shares of IRT s common stock that RAIT Financial Trust owned to IRT for approximately $ 62,200,000 in aggregate gross proceeds .
Prior to joining REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP , Mr. Pieraccioni served as Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Officer for Alitalia and as Global General Manager at Averna Group .
Excluding a detrimental impact of $ 1.3 million due to the change in the British pound to U.S. dollar exchange rate , the growth in the U.K. of $ 3.6 million was driven primarily by increased volume as COPART INC increased COPART INC market share and a marginal increase in revenue per car .
In addition , SKS is eligible to receive up to an aggregate of 1,493,577 additional shares of Ohr common stock in three contingent milestone payments , each milestone resulting in the issuance of 497,859 shares of Ohr common stock .
Audentes Therapeutics , Inc. net loss was $ 40.0 million , which was partially offset by noncash charges of $ 2.9 million consisting primarily of $ 1.3 million of stock - based compensation expense ; $ 0.2 million from amortization of discounts on investments ; a $ 0.3 million change in the fair value of the contingent acquisition consideration liability ; and $ 0.9 million of depreciation and amortization expense .
At Sempra South American Utilities , revenues decreased by $ 3 million in 2015 primarily due to foreign currency effects , offset by higher revenues associated with the transfer of certain non - regulated customers from Chilquinta Energ a. Those revenues were included in Electric Revenues in prior years .
From 1995 to 1997 Mr. Hollister founded and operated Intranet Technologies , the first successful Internet service provider in Ottawa , Canada s capital city .
The Venezuelan government also announced that the SITME foreign currency market administered by Venezuela 's central bank would be eliminated , and as a result , REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP began using the Official Rate to translate Revlon Venezuela s financial statements beginning in 2013 .
On October 25 , 2013 , Aleksandr Gilev resigned his official position as a Director of the Corporation .
John has served as the President of Stanford University since September 2000 .
Randal R. Greene President and Chief Executive Officer .
In connection with the Loan Agreement Amendment , Castle Brands Inc and CB - USA entered into the following ancillary agreements : ( i ) a Reaffirmation Agreement with ( a ) certain officers of Castle Brands Inc and CB - USA , including John Glover , T. Kelley Spillane and Alfred J. Small and ( b ) certain junior lenders to the Company , including Frost Gamma Investments Trust , Mark E. Andrews , III , an affiliate of Richard J. Lampen , an affiliate of Glenn Halpryn , Dennis Scholl and Vector Group Ltd , which , among other things , reaffirms the existing Validity and Support Agreements by and among each officer , Castle Brands Inc , CB - USA and ACF and ( ii ) an Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Note .
From 2010 to 2012 Mr. Harris was CEO and investor with Chemical Information Services , a leading provider of database services to the chemical and pharmaceutical industries From 2006 to 2009 , Mr. Harris was President and CEO of eTelecare Global Solutions ; a business process outsourcing ( BPO ) company delivering technical support , sales , and customer care services to the Fortune 1000 market .
Candice J. Wells , Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary , Linn Energy , Inc , 600 Travis , Houston , Texas 77002 .
Mr. Muenzer , a qualified financial expert , was elected Chairman of the Audit Committee in 2012 .
During the year ended June 30 , 2015 , EnSync , Inc. recognized a $ 1,257,407 gain on the carrying value of EnSync , Inc. investment in Meineng Energy .
I , Linda K. Frauendorfer , Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and Treasurer of SigmaTron International , Inc , certify that : .
On October 31 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with Cardinal Capital Group , Inc , pursuant to which Cardinal Capital provided Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company with an aggregate investment of $ 50,000 in consideration of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issuance of a convertible promissory note .
At March 31 , 2017 , a total of $ 52,500 ( December 31 , 2016 : $ 52,500 ) in loans payable was due to CANNABIS SCIENCE , INC . s CFO , Robert Kane , through his company , R Kane Holding Inc , secured by a non - interest bearing promissory note due within 30 days of Michigan Green Technologies ( 50.1 % controlled by the Company ) liquidating shares in Cannabis Science , Inc. to repay the debt .
Mr. Esserman is Chief Executive Officer of TSG , Mr. Layman is a Principal of TSG , Mr. LeComte is Managing Director of TSG and Edward Wong is a Senior Vice President of TSG .
On September 9 , 2015 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with JDF Capital Inc.
Between December 1997 and May 2001 Mr. Jerome was a Senior Producer for KHQ - TV in Spokane , Washington .
Prior to his appointment as Chief Operating Officer , Mr. Lord was Vice President of Strategic Operations from 2008 through 2012 and served as Meritage Homes CORP Western Region President from 2012 through March 2015 .
BIOTRICITY INC . were incorporated on August 29 , 2012 in the State of Nevada .
William C. Grantham Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , and Treasurer ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
On July 10 , 2015 , BAKKEN RESOURCES INC initiated an action titled , Bakken Resources , Inc. v. Proland Services , LLC and Mary Cunningham , Case No . 6:15 - cv-00065 , United States District Court for the District of Montana , Helena Division .
at least sixty - five ( 65 ) days advance written notice of its desire and intent to beneficially own 10 % or more of ACTIVECARE , INC . 's Common Stock , ACTIVECARE , INC . will not issue and deliver any portion of the Common Shares to ATI if and to the extent that such issuance would result in ATI becoming the beneficial owner ( as determined in accordance with Section 13 ( d ) of the Exchange Act ) of more than 9.99 % of the issued and outstanding Common Stock of ACTIVECARE , INC .
If these funds are needed for COPART INC operations in the U.S , COPART INC would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds .
Solar Triggering Event : means an event which shall occur if ( a ) ( i ) at least one of Michael Gross or Bruce Spohler is not serving as a Solar Manager , or ( ii ) both Michael Gross and Bruce Spohler cease to be involved in the day - to - day management of the investment activities of Solar and ( b ) and Deerfield determines at its sole discretion to treat such event as a Cause Event .
From 2010 through 2014 , Ms. Pleskow served as the Chief Healthcare Information Officer for Hewlett Packard .
President and Chief Executive Officer May 12 , 2017 Barton R. Brookman .
Pursuant to the relevant PRC laws , the profits distribution of CHINA AUTOMOTIVE SYSTEMS INC s Sino - foreign subsidiaries , which are based on their PRC statutory financial statements , other than the financial statement that was prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America , are available for distribution in the form of cash dividends after these subsidiaries have paid all relevant PRC tax liabilities , provided for losses in previous years , and made appropriations to statutory surplus at 10 % .
When Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. prepare Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. consolidated financial statements , THE 's Swiss franc balances are translated into U.S. dollars for U.S. GAAP purposes .
Anthony L. Wilson Anthony L. Wilson President and Chief Executive Officer /s/
Equity in income ( loss ) of affiliates for 2016 includes Cavalier Minerals ' equity investments in AllDale Minerals .
Intersect ENT , Inc. may also terminate the agreement at will upon 90 days prior written notice to SGC , or upon 12 months prior written notice in the event of a change in control of SGC .
The following table summarizes Quest Resource Holding Corp operating results for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 : .
As of December 31 , 2015 , MacAndrews Forbes beneficially owned approximately 78 % of Revlon , Inc. 's Class A Common Stock representing approximately 78 % of Revlon , Inc. s outstanding shares of voting capital stock .
Recent Development Change of Control On November 26 , 2014 , David Bailey , the former majority shareholder of AVRA INC , sold 35,333,333 shares of AVRA INC . to Stephen Shepherd , the Chief Executive Officer and Director of AVRA INC , pursuant to a share purchase agreement .
INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN quarterly and annual operating results have fluctuated in the past and may vary in the future due to a wide variety of factors including : .
In addition to LSB INDUSTRIES INC stock option plans , in 2006 LSB INDUSTRIES INC stockholders approved the grant of 450,000 shares of stock options ( the 2006 Options ) to certain Climate Control Business employees .
Fund Performance Metrics Fund performance information for Carlyle Group L.P. investment funds that have at least $ 1.0 billion in capital commitments , cumulative equity invested or total value as of December 31 , 2015 and excluding the NGP management fee funds , which Carlyle Group L.P. refer to as Carlyle Group L.P. significant funds , is generally included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of Carlyle Group L.P. results of operations for the periods presented .
On July 13 , 2017 , the Investment Adviser entered into an asset purchase agreement ( the Purchase Agreement ) , with Oaktree Capital Management , L.P. ( Oaktree ) and , for certain limited purposes , FSAM , and Fifth Street Holdings L.P.
An unrealized MTM loss in 2015 compared with an unrealized MTM gain in 2014 increased costs by $ 3 million , resulting from changes in the market value of company - owned life insurance .
TREMOR VIDEO INC . common stock has been listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TRMR since June 27 , 2013 .
On February 14 , 2013 , Keith White , as co - inventor , assigned the G2 patents to AWG .
Kodak operated the Business related to the deferred closing jurisdictions , subject to certain covenants , until the applicable deferred closing occurred , and delivered to ( or received from ) a KPP subsidiary at each deferred closing a true - up payment that reflected the actual economic benefit ( or detriment ) to the Business in the applicable deferred closing jurisdiction(s ) from the time of the initial closing through the time of the applicable deferred closing .
The accompanying unaudited interim financial statements of EliteSoft Global Inc. have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission , and should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto contained in EliteSoft Global Inc. s most recent Annual Financial Statements filed with the SEC on Form 10 - K for fiscal year 2016 .
None of the other adjustments to the provisional amounts had any impact on CYBEROPTICS CORP results of operations for the first quarter of 2014 .
Since GCP Applied Technologies Inc. manufacture a portion of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. products in emerging regions using raw materials from suppliers in the U.S , Europe and other advanced economies , changes in the values of the currencies of these emerging regions versus the U.S. dollar and the euro may adversely affect GCP Applied Technologies Inc. raw material costs .
Section 302 Certification of David B. Rottino , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Linn Energy , LLC 32.1 * * .
The strengthening of the U.S. dollar increases the real cost of Palo Alto Networks Inc platform to Palo Alto Networks Inc end - customers outside of the United States and may lead to delays in the purchase of Palo Alto Networks Inc products , subscriptions , and support , and the lengthening of Palo Alto Networks Inc sales .
Joseph P. Hannan Joseph P. Hannan , Chief Financial Officer , principal financial and accounting officer .
Ray Leonard , 64 , President and Chief Executive Officer is also a director of the Company .
On June 20 , 2014 , COSTO INC . issued a total of 8,000,000 shares of restricted common stock to Yuhua Xu , COSTO INC . sole officer and director in consideration of $ 8,000 .
LinnCo , LLC shares may trade at a substantial discount to the trading price of LINN Energy units .
The following table presents restructuring costs associated with the 2016 and 2015 Restructuring Plans included in the related line items of ROSETTA STONE INC results from operations : .
Section 302 Certification of Mark E. Ellis , Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer of LinnCo , LLC 31.2 * * .
The net sales increase for the quarter comparison was mainly due to sales from TORO CO acquisition in the first quarter of fiscal 2017 , favorable weather conditions in Australia which produced increased shipments of TORO CO Pope - branded irrigation products , and higher shipments of walk - power mowers to Canada .
INC /DE/ adopted ASU No . 2016 - 09 beginning on January 1 , 2017 and the adoption of this new guidance did not have a material impact on REVLON INC /DE/ s results of operations , financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures .
These activities are discussed in detail in the 2016 Form 10 - K. There were no significant developments to the Utility s and PG E Corporation s risk management activities during the six months ended June 30 , 2017 .
Similarly , in the ordinary course of business , Virtu Financial , Inc. purchase market data and related services from Interactive Data Pricing and Reference Data , Inc ( Interactive Data ) and SunGard Securities Finance LLC ( SunGard ) .
Shane Drdul is the President , CEO , CFO , Treasurer and member of the board of directors of the Company .
Except as specifically provided for herein , nothing shall be deemed to give the Executive the right to continue in the employ of Entegris .
Senseonics Holdings , Inc. future global operations will expose us to trade and economic sanctions and other restrictions imposed by the United States , the European Union and other governments and organizations .
He is the son of the late A. Earl Swift , founder of Swift Energy , and the nephew of Virgil N. Swift , Director Emeritus .
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein , on a Collaboration Product - by - Collaboration Product basis , during the applicable Collaboration Term but only up to [ * * * ] and any Consideration Period for the applicable Collaboration Product , Pieris hereby grants to Servier a co - exclusive ( with Pieris ) , sublicensable ( subject to Section 3.2.4 below ) , personal and non - transferable ( except as set forth in Section 13.5 ) , right and license under the Pieris IP solely to perform Servier s obligations under the applicable Collaboration Plan in accordance with this Agreement anywhere in the Pieris Territory and the Servier Territory solely with respect to the Development of such Collaboration Product in the Field ; provided that with respect to any Pieris Building Block IP within the Pieris IP , the foregoing license under this Section 3.2.1.(a ) shall be non - exclusive .
If , during the term of the employment agreement , as amended , InspireMD , Inc. terminate Mr. Milinazzo s employment for cause or Mr. Milinazzo voluntarily terminates his employment , Mr. Milinazzo will only be entitled to unpaid amounts owed to him and whatever rights , if any , are available to him pursuant to InspireMD , Inc. stock - based compensation plans or any award documents related to any stock - based compensation .
Australia Withholding This provision supplements Section 8 ( Withholding ): Prior to the relevant taxable event , the Optionee will provide PEGASYSTEMS INC with their Australian Tax File Number ( TFN ) or Australian Business Number ( ABN ) .
TVS alleged that Immune Design Corp. entered into a contractual relationship with Henogen in 2012 to manufacture lentiviral vectors for vaccines , which TVS contends interfered with its contract with Henogen and resulted in the use of certain TVS confidential information and trade secrets .
In addition , in the event of the involuntary termination by Grace of Ms. Brown 's employment , without cause or performance issues , within two years of her relocation to Columbia Maryland , Grace will pay all necessary moving expenses , including tax gross - ups , to a location of her choice within the continental United States .
To fill the vacancies resulting from the resignation of the NGL directors , Daniel R. Revers , Kevin M. Crosby and Lucius H. Taylor , each employees of ArcLight , were appointed to the board of directors of TransMontaigne Partners L.P. general partner effective February 1 , 2016 .
The following table sets forth , for the periods indicated , the high and low sales price for INSTRUCTURE INC common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange .
Directors , Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. current directors and executive officers and their respective ages and positions are listed below : Name Age Position Allen R. Hartman 65 Chairman of the Board , Chief Executive Officer and President Jack I. Tompkins 71 Independent Director Richard R. Ruskey 61 Independent Director Louis T. Fox , III 56 Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and Treasurer Mark T. Torok 58 General Counsel Allen R. Hartman , age 65 , has served as Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. CEO and Chairman of Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. Board of Directors since February 2009 and has served as President of Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. advisor , Hartman Advisors , since March 2009 , and as President of Hartman Short Term Income Properties XX , Inc. property manager , HIR Management , since January 2008 .
On April 29 , 2016 , the Board acted to ratify the removal of Mr. Ricks from all positions held by him as an executive officer of Sport Endurance , Inc , and also ratified the appointment of Mr. Lelong as President , Secretary , Treasurer , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , and Chairman of the Board .
The holders of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings , including The Blackstone Group L.P. s wholly owned subsidiaries , will incur U.S. federal , state and local income taxes on their proportionate share of any net taxable income of Blackstone Holdings .
The financial information discussed below and included in Quorum Health Corp 2016 Annual Report on Form 10 - K may not necessarily reflect what Quorum Health Corp results of operations , financial position and cash flows would have been had Quorum Health Corp been a stand - alone company for the entirety of the periods presented herein or what Quorum Health Corp results of operations , financial position and cash flows may be in the future .
Substantially all of XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP s capital assets are owned by its wholly - owned subsidiary , Xplore Technologies Corporation of America , a Delaware corporation .
In addition to the license , Intra - Cellular Therapies , Inc. also entered into a research and development agreement with ITI Limited pursuant to which Intra - Cellular Therapies , Inc. will conduct research and development services related to the license agreement and charge ITI Limited for these services .
Andrew Schlossberg ( 41 ) has been Chief Executive Officer of the Managing Owner and a Member of its Board of Managers since January 2010 , where he has general oversight responsibilities for all of the Managing Owner s business .
Mr. Hubbard served as a senior audit partner at Deloitte Touche LLP from August 2007 until retiring in June 2014 and also at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP from September 1986 to July 2007 .
During the fourth quarter of 2015 , Gas Natural Inc. recorded $ 358 for amortization of Gas Natural Inc. deferred loss , depreciation of $ 163 and interest expense of $ 237 related to Gas Natural Inc. capital lease payments .
C.H. ( Scott ) Rees III By : C.H. ( Scott ) Rees III , P.E. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer . /s/
These risks include , among other things , the impact of changes in interest rates and changes in the economic conditions in the markets where BAR HARBOR BANKSHARES operate as well as those across the United States and abroad .
In addition to his new assignment as Acting Chief Executive Officer , Robert E. Dolan has served as MORGAN GROUP HOLDING CO Chief Financial Officer since November 2001 .
Orbital Tracking Corp. is a provider of satellite - based hardware , airtime , mapping and related services both in the United States , through its Orbital Satcom subsidiary , and internationally through its UK based subsidiary , GTCL .
No dividend or other distribution may be paid on any shares of EchoStar Tracking Stock unless a dividend or distribution in an equivalent amount is paid on shares of HSS Tracking Stock and no dividend or other distribution may be paid on any shares of HSS Tracking Stock unless a dividend or distribution in an equivalent amount is paid on shares of EchoStar Tracking Stock .
Mr. Emery chairs the Steadfast Executive Committee , which establishes policy and strategy and acts as the general oversight committee of Steadfast Companies .
( f ) other leases , sales or other Dispositions of assets not otherwise permitted by this Section 7.02 if such transaction ( i ) is for consideration consisting at least eighty percent ( 80 % ) of cash , ( ii ) is for not less than fair market value ( as determined in good faith by CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON CO N V s board of directors ) , and ( iii ) involves assets that , together with all other assets of CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON CO N V and its Subsidiaries previously leased , sold or disposed of ( other than pursuant to clauses ( a ) through ( e ) above ) as permitted by this Section 7.02 ( x ) during the twelve - month period ending with the month in which any such lease , sale or other disposition occurs , do not constitute a Substantial Portion of the assets of CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON CO N V and its Subsidiaries and ( y ) since the Closing Date do not exceed fifteen percent ( 15 % ) of consolidated tangible assets of CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON CO N V and its Subsidiaries , in each case when combined with all such other transactions during such period ( each such transaction being valued at book value ) ; and ( g ) Dispositions in connection with Project Jazz ; provided , however , that all of the cash proceeds received from the divestiture in connection with Project Jazz shall be promptly ( but in any event within 30 days upon such receipt of proceeds ) , and on a pro rata basis based on outstanding balances as of the last day of the fiscal quarter immediately preceding the consummation of Project Jazz , used to prepay ( 1 ) syndicated term loans , Committed Loans hereunder , Committed Loans ( as defined therein ) under the Existing Revolving Credit Agreement and/or outstanding amounts owing under any bilateral revolving credit facility ( collectively , Bank Debt ) , on the one hand , and ( 2 ) certain outstanding amounts owing under the NPA Notes , on the other hand , in each case , as determined by CHICAGO BRIDGE & IRON CO N V and reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent , it being agreed and understood that ( i ) any portion of such proceeds to be applied to the NPA Notes may be first applied to Bank Debt consisting of revolving loans and , subject to the terms of such revolving loans , reborrowed for purposes of prepaying the NPA Notes in accordance with their terms , and ( ii ) any portion of such proceeds offered to , but declined by , the holders of the NPA Notes may be used to prepay Bank Debt , as determined by the Company .
Anti - takeover provisions in CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . charter documents and other aspects of CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . structure may discourage , delay or prevent a change in control of CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . company and may adversely affect the trading price of CPE Inc. s common stock .
DRIL - QUIP INC s major subsidiaries are Dril - Quip ( Europe ) Limited , located in Aberdeen with branches in Denmark , Norway and Holland ; Dril - Quip Asia Pacific PTE Ltd , located in Singapore ; Dril - Quip do Brasil LTDA , located in Macae , Brazil ; and DQ Holdings Pty . Ltd , located in Perth , Australia .
Certain changes to U.S. tax laws , including limitations on the ability to defer U.S. taxation on earnings outside of the United States until those earnings are repatriated to the United States , could affect the tax treatment of Facebook Inc foreign earnings .
Research activities are carried out by Prof. Dr. Skerra , who was a member of PIERIS PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . s supervisory board when the parties entered into such agreement and during the period covered by the financial statements in this report .
Mrs. Abraham , age 59 , and , until recently was employed as a Research Associate by the Russell Investment Group Company , a worldwide financial consulting company , since 1991 .
Other than the prior employment agreement Carlyle Group L.P. had with Mr. Cavanagh , Carlyle Group L.P. do not have employment agreements with any of Carlyle Group L.P. named executive officers .
The interests of L Catterton , certain of its affiliates and Argentia may not always coincide with the interests of the other holders of NOODLES & Co common stock .
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Employment Agreement , Dr. Leire will be employed by DanDrit Denmark for an indefinite term unless the agreement is earlier terminated as described below .
In November 2015 , one of LSB INDUSTRIES INC subsidiaries within LSB INDUSTRIES INC Chemical Business , El Dorado Chemical Company ( EDC ) and Koch Fertilizer entered into an ammonia purchase and sale agreement under which Koch Fertilizer agrees to purchase , with minimum purchase requirements , the ammonia that is in excess of El Dorado s internal needs as the result of the El Dorado Expansion .
Certificate of Johan G. Broekhuysen , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C , Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
On January 5 , 2016 , Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. increased the total capacity of the new credit facility to $ 225.0 million and increased the amount outstanding under the term loan facility to $ 75.0 million .
On November 26 , 2014 , Atlanticus Holdings Corp and certain of Atlanticus Holdings Corp subsidiaries entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Dove Ventures , LLC , a Nevada limited liability company ( Dove ) .
James Barry , Ph.D. Executive Vice President , Chief Operating Officer and Director .
As a result , LinnCo , LLC may incur substantial income tax liabilities upon such a transaction even if LINN Energy units decrease in value after LinnCo , LLC purchase them .
As consideration to China Kington for facilitating the Loan , NovaBay Pharmaceuticals , Inc. agreed to the following : ( 1 ) the grant of a first right of refusal for China Kington ( or its designee that shall be acceptable to NovaBay Pharmaceuticals , Inc. in its reasonable discretion ) to lead financings for NovaBay Pharmaceuticals , Inc. for a period that is the shorter of two ( 2 ) years or the day that NovaBay Pharmaceuticals , Inc. s cash flow has been equal to or greater than $ 0 in each month for three ( 3 ) consecutive months , subject to certain limitations ; ( 2 ) the participation of Mr. Sieczkarek as a Lender in the financing ; ( 3 ) the participation of the Board , management and investors that the Board and management provide , to contribute an aggregate nine percent ( 9 % ) of funds in NovaBay Pharmaceuticals , Inc. s next financing ; ( 4 ) the appointment of two new members to NovaBay Pharmaceuticals , Inc. s Board by China Kington ; and ( 5 ) NovaBay Pharmaceuticals , Inc. s agreement to reasonably cooperate with reasonable requests made by an auditor engaged , and paid for , by China Kington , subject to certain limitations .
In 2014 compared to 2013 , SDG E s natural gas revenues increased by $ 15 million ( 3 % ) to $ 544 million , and the cost of natural gas increased by $ 4 million ( 2 % ) to $ 208 million .
The consolidated financial information presented below includes the accounts of Selecta Biosciences Inc. and SELECTA BIOSCIENCES INC wholly owned subsidiaries , Selecta ( RUS ) LLC , a Russian limited liability company , or Selecta RUS , and Selecta Biosciences Security Corporation , a Massachusetts securities corporation .
If these authorities determine that either Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc facilities or Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc third party supplier s facility in Italy do not meet the standards of compliance required under applicable regulations , they may deny approval to manufacture Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc products , require us to stop manufacturing Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc products , deny approval to the sale of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc products or suspend the sale of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc products .
Although Cardio Medical Sales L.P did not adhere to their order minimum for 2015 , InspireMD , Inc. did not terminate their right to be InspireMD , Inc. exclusive distributor of MGuard Prime EPS and CGuard EPS in Belarus .
Novume Solutions , Inc. terminated the 2016 Loan Agreement in August 2017 .
Mr. Hubbard was registered as a swap associated person of the Managing Owner effective as of September 8 , 2015 .
Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies NUVASIVE INC discussion and analysis of NUVASIVE INC financial condition and results of operations is based upon NUVASIVE INC audited consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) .
MARCUS CORP also recently entered into an agreement to allow moviegoers to buy tickets on Fandango , the largest online ticket - seller for the nation s top seven theatre chains .
The discussion and analysis of SONO TEK CORP s financial condition and results of operations are based upon SONO TEK CORP s consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
DIGITAL POWER CORP revenues increased by $ 1,067 or 19 % to $ 6,670 for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , from $ 5,603 for the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 .
Total Proved Reserves : CALLON PETROLEUM CO ended 2016 with estimated net proved reserves of 91,580 MBOE , representing a 69 % increase over 2015 year - end estimated net proved reserves of 54,271 MBOE .
A majority of Broadcom Cayman L.P. products are produced and sourced in Asia , including China , India , Malaysia , the Philippines , Singapore , South Korea , Taiwan and Thailand , and Broadcom Cayman L.P. sell Broadcom Cayman L.P. products throughout the world .
Certain information and note disclosures normally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles have been condensed or omitted from these statements pursuant to such rules and regulations and , accordingly , should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements as of December 31 , 2016 and 2015 and for each of the years in the three - year period ended December 31 , 2016 included in UNIVERSAL LOGISTICS HOLDINGS , INC . s Form 10 - K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Share Purchase Agreement dated September 26 , 2016 between Thomas Brady and Steve Cozine filed as an exhibit to Madison s Form 8 K filed on October 3 , 2016 , and incorporated herein by reference .
As of July 1 , 2017 , Vitamin Shoppe , Inc. operated 783 stores in 45 states , the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico and also sold Vitamin Shoppe , Inc. products directly to consumers through the internet , primarily at www.vitaminshoppe.com .
In addition to permitting and financial assurance requirements , MOSAIC CO are subject to numerous other environmental , health and safety laws and regulations in the U.S , Canada , China , Brazil and other countries where MOSAIC CO operate .
YIELD10 BIOSCIENCE , INC . 's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
Orbital Tracking Corp. Orbital Tracking Corp. have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Orbital Tracking Corp and subsidiaries ( formerly known as Great West Resources , Inc. ) ( the Company ) as of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , and the related statements of operations , changes in stockholders equity , and cash flows for each of the years in the two - year period ended December 31 , 2015 .
CFBank was originally organized in 1892 and was formerly known as Central Federal Savings and Loan Association of Wellsville and more recently as Central Federal Bank .
Effective May 5 , 2015 , Mr. Dove became Chief Executive Officer of Heritage Global Inc , as more fully described on Heritage Global Inc.
Based on Sabre Corp results for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , Sabre Corp were not required to make an excess cash flow payment in 2017 .
Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law , and may be included in WL Ross Holding Corp. bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of WL Ross Holding Corp. stockholders .
REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s products within its Professional segment are sold primarily through wholesale beauty supply distributors in the U.S. Outside of the United States .
The Chairman of the Board and AMEDICA Corp Chief Executive Officer , B. Sonny Bal , MD , PhD , is a member of the Board and is a full - time employee of Amedica .
Rohrbaugh was appointed as the Chief Operating Officer and as a director of Mint Organics , Inc. and Mint Organics Florida , Inc. On March 8 , 2017 , Mint Organics issued warrants to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock , of Mint Organics , Inc , vesting on the date Mint Organics , through one of its subsidiaries , obtains a license from a state to dispense cannabis until the fifth anniversary thereof to the following executives of Mint Organics : .
Prior to his COO role , Mr. DeMane served at Medtronic Inc. as Senior Vice President from May 2007 to August 2007 , Senior Vice President and President : Europe , Canada , Latin America and Emerging Markets from August 2005 to May 2007 , Senior Vice President and President : Spinal , ENT and Navigation from February 2002 to August 2005 , and President , Spinal from January 2000 to February 2002 .
APPLIANCE RECYCLING CENTERS OF AMERICA INC /MN have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Appliance Recycling Centers of America , Inc. and Subsidiaries as of January 2 , 2016 and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss , shareholders ' equity and cash flows for the year then ended .
Zhongquan Zou , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer . * * * * * .
Under the registration rights agreement , Blackstone Group L.P. agreed to register the exchange of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units for common units by Blackstone Group L.P. holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units .
In connection with this Quarterly Report of Duos Technologies Group , Inc.   , on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I Adrian G. Goldfarb , Principal Financial Officer of DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP , INC , certify to the best of my knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
Mr. Fox joined the Manager in August 2000 as a portfolio manager and developed several quantitative trading programs .
A substantial portion of the benefit related to business operations subject to tax in countries where the tax on that income is lower than the U.S. statutory rate is derived from GENERAL ELECTRIC CO GECAS aircraft leasing operations located in Ireland , from GENERAL ELECTRIC CO Power operations located in Switzerland and Hungary , and GENERAL ELECTRIC CO Healthcare operations in Europe .
The undersigned , Menachem M. Schneerson , the President , Chief Executive Officer , and Director of Watchtower , Inc. ( the " Company " ) , certifies , under the standards set forth and solely for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to his knowledge , the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of WATCHTOWER , INC . for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in that Form 10 - Q fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of WATCHTOWER , INC .
For fiscal 2016 , KIRKLAND 'S , INC e - Commerce channel accounted for approximately $ 47.3 million in revenue , or about 8.0 % of KIRKLAND 'S , INC total revenue , a 22.4 % increase over fiscal 2015 .
On April 12 , 2017 , Emerge Energy Services LP closed the transaction to acquire substantially all of the assets of Osburn Materials for $ 20 million .
Together with the 25 % membership interest in Rockies Express that TEP acquired from a unit of Sempra U.S. Gas and Power on May 6 , 2016 , this transaction increases TEP s aggregate membership interest in Rockies Express to 49.99 % .
The prices set forth below reflect the quarterly high and low closing prices of a share of AOXIN TIANLI GROUP , INC . common shares for the periods indicated as reported by Nasdaq .
If BAKER HUGHES a GE Co LLC decide at a later date to repatriate those funds to the U.S , BAKER HUGHES a GE Co LLC may be required to provide taxes on certain of those funds based on applicable U.S. tax rates net of foreign tax credits .
The sale of Trillium in 2016 , the new credit facility HARTE HANKS INC entered into in 2017 , and HARTE HANKS INC announced intention to sell 3Q Digital are all parts of HARTE HANKS INC efforts to prioritize HARTE HANKS INC investments and focus on HARTE HANKS INC core business of optimizing HARTE HANKS INC clients ' customer journey across an omni - channel delivery platform .
President and Chief Executive Officer until June 21 , 2016 when , in connection with Mr. Bianco s appointment as DigiPath , Inc. s Chief Executive Officer , DigiPath , Inc. entered into an Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Todd Denkin , pursuant to which Mr. Denkin continues to serve as DigiPath , Inc. s President , and in addition as its Chief Operating Officer , and as the President of Digipath s wholly - owned subsidiaries , Digipath Labs , Inc. and TNM News Corp.
These decreases resulted primarily due to that Heyu Leisure Holidays Corp terminated its hotel operation in April 2017 .
Mr. Hirsch also serves as Vice President and General Counsel - Securities of Griffin Capital , positions he has held since June 2014 .
On May 9 , 2006 , IMMUNOMEDICS INC entered into an agreement with UCB , S.A. referred to herein as UCB , providing UCB an exclusive worldwide license to develop , manufacture , market and sell epratuzumab for the treatment of all non - cancer indications referred to herein as the UCB Agreement .
Differential Brands Group Inc. products are manufactured by contractors primarily located in the United States , Mexico , Italy , Peru , and Asia , including Hong Kong , China , India , Jordan , and Vietnam .
Ambient Water Corp s success may depend in part on its ability to continue and expand its patent protection both in the United States and in other countries for Ambient Water Corp products .
TEP will generally have the ability to shift any such tax liability to its general partner and its unitholders in accordance with their interests in TEP during the year under audit , but there can be no assurance that TEP will be able to ( or will choose to ) do so under all circumstances .
Carlyle Group L.P. are not required under U.S. GAAP to consolidate in Carlyle Group L.P. financial statements most of the investment funds Carlyle Group L.P. advise because such funds provide their limited partners with the right to dissolve the fund without cause by a simple majority vote of the non - Carlyle affiliated limited partners , which overcomes the presumption of control by Carlyle .
Should Ross Dove no longer be employed or otherwise affiliated with Heritage Global Inc , then Executive shall report to Ross Dove s successor provided Executive approves of reporting to such successor , otherwise , should Executive not approve of reporting to such successor , then Executive shall report directly to Allan Silber .
Water Engineering Solutions , LLC is an entity that is controlled and owned by ALKALINE WATER Co INC former President , Chief Executive Officer , Steven P. Nickolas , and ALKALINE WATER Co INC current President and Chief Executive Officer , Richard A. Wright .
Mr. Berman brings to the board his extensive executive and entrepreneurial experiences in the field of medical devices and interventional cardiology , which should assist in strengthening and advancing InspireMD , Inc. strategic focus .
The following is a summary of Energous Corp s stock option activity during the year ended December 31 , 2015 : .
Mr. Lee currently serves as Chief Executive Officer and President for Kane County Teacher s Credit Union .
CANCER GENETICS , INC were incorporated in the State of Delaware on April 8 , 1999 .
On February 19 , 2016 , Carlyle Group L.P. commenced a wind down of the operations of Diversified Global Asset Management Corporation ( DGAM ) and recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $ 7.0 million in Carlyle Group L.P. results for the year ended December 31 , 2015 that had not been previously reflected in Carlyle Group L.P. earnings presentation issued on February 10 , 2016 .
Due to the continuing capital constraints at Bluefire Renewables , Inc , John Cuzens , Bluefire Renewables , Inc. Chief Technology Officer and Senior VP , has begun employment as an engineer in an industry that Bluefire Renewables , Inc. feel does not compete with the Company .
BRAD D. SMITH Brad D. Smith , Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer .
QUANTENNA COMMUNICATIONS INC were incorporated in 2005 and only began shipments of QUANTENNA COMMUNICATIONS INC Wi - Fi solutions in 2010 .
Although the Blackstone Funds share many common themes , each of Blackstone Group L.P. alternative asset management operations runs its own investment and risk management processes , subject to Blackstone Group L.P. overall risk tolerance and philosophy : .
NET 1 UEPS TECHNOLOGIES INC use armored vehicles and NET 1 UEPS TECHNOLOGIES INC own fixed ATM infrastructure to deliver large amounts of cash to rural areas across South Africa to enable these welfare recipient cardholders to receive this cash .
SEAFARER EXPLORATION CORP s net loss for the three month period ended March 31 , 2017 was $ 320,982 as compared to a net loss of $ 201,980 during the three month period ended March 31 , 2016 , an increase of approximately 59 % .
Dr. Entine continues to be involved in research , and has been the Principal Investigator on over a hundred research contracts and grants funded privately and by government .
In consideration for CFFT s research award and any licenses of intellectual property granted by CFFT , Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc agrees to pay royalties to CFFT as follows : i ) a one - time royalty in an amount equal to five times the actual award , payable in three installments between the first and second anniversaries of the first commercial sale of a product ; ii ) a one - time royalty in an amount equal to the actual award after net product sales reaches $ 100 million ; and iii ) in the event of a license , sale or other transfer of the product or a change of control transaction prior to the commercial sale of the product , a milestone payment equal to three times the actual award .
NEVRO CORP operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception , and NEVRO CORP anticipate NEVRO CORP expenses will increase as NEVRO CORP continue to build a commercial sales force in the United States , investigate the use of NEVRO CORP HF10 therapy for the treatment of other chronic pain conditions , continue to otherwise grow NEVRO CORP business and continue to operate as a public company .
Industrial s principal business activity consists of two divisions : WEBA and RS T. WEBA develops , manufactures and markets additive packages for the antifreeze / coolant , gas patch coolants and heat transfer industries throughout North America , and RS T , which operates a 14 - 20 million gallons per year ASTM E1177 EG-1 glycol re - distillation plant in West Virginia that processes waste glycol into virgin quality recycled glycol for sale to industrial customers worldwide .
Echelon Corporation was incorporated in California in February 1988 and reincorporated in Delaware in January 1989 .
Through Thermo , Mr. Monroe holds equity interests in , and serves as an executive officer or director of , a diverse group of privately - owned businesses not otherwise related to us .
USCF also pays the fees of BBH Co. for its services under such agreement and such fees are determined by the parties from time to time .
For Atkins U.S. operations , it utilizes a single distribution center in Greenfield , Indiana .
Pursuant to the agreement , Mr. Hofmann agreed to sell and Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. agreed to purchase 50 % of the issued and outstanding common shares of Tero in exchange for an aggregate of CAD$1,000,000 .
( 1 ) Amounts represent the application of the netting requirements that allow the FHLB to settle positive and negative positions , cash collateral and related accrued interest held or placed by the FHLB with the same counterparty , and effective January 3 , 2017 , includes fair value adjustments on derivatives for which variation margin is characterized as a daily settled contract .
( e ) Competitive Enterprise means ( i ) a business enterprise that engages in nitrogen and climate control in competition with LSB INDUSTRIES INC or its subsidiaries ( the Company s Business ) ( a ) in the United States of America , or ( b ) in any other country where LSB INDUSTRIES INC or its subsidiaries operates facilities or sells such products .
In connection with the Separation , Grace shareholders received a distribution of one GCP share for each Grace share they owned on the record date for such distribution .
The shared services agreement provides , in general , for sharing of the applicable support provided by either company to Mr. Nelson in connection with his capacity as General Counsel .
Mr. Rivkin has served as an Executive Vice President of Altegris Holdings ( January 2014 to present ) .
MOSAIC CO s internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to MOSAIC CO management , Board of Directors and stockholders regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of MOSAIC CO consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( U.S. GAAP ) , and includes those policies and procedures that : .
Hatteras Financial Corp were incorporated in Maryland in September 2007 .
In connection with the Water Acquisition , on September 23 , 2015 , Antero Midstream Partners LP entered into a secondment agreement with Antero , Midstream Management , Midstream Operating , Antero Water and Antero Treatment , whereby Antero has agreed to provide seconded employees to perform certain operational services with respect to Antero Midstream Partners LP gathering and compression facilities and the Contributed Assets , and Antero Midstream Partners LP have agreed to reimburse Antero for expenditures incurred by Antero in the performance of those operational services .
Also effective December 14 , 2016 , Fortune Valley Treasures , Inc. appointed Yumin Lin as the new President , Secretary and Treasurer .
The analysis of net interest income tables included in this Annual Report on Form 10 - K provide a reconciliation of tax - equivalent financial information to BAR HARBOR BANKSHARES 's consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles .
Organization costs for the period from June 15 , 2016 ( date of incorporation ) through December 31 , 2016 related primarily to costs related to INNOVATIVE INDUSTRIAL PROPERTIES INC formation .
The Audit Committee consisted of Messrs. Charles , Keefe and Dempster , with Mr. Charles serving as chairman .
A significant portion of Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. products in the New York City market are distributed by a single agent , and any decrease in the amount of Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. products distributed by this agent , or underperformance of the book of business controlled by this agent , could adversely impact Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. business .
SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC consolidated revenues related to the Cunningham Stations include $ 26.2 million and $ 27.5 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively .
The effect of economic conditions in the United States or other nations that could impact ASTROTECH Corp ability to sell ASTROTECH Corp products and services or gain customers ; .
Mr. Vande Vrede s experience in finance , gardening retail and specialty farming led to Terra Tech Corp. conclusion that Mr. Vande Vrede should serve as a member of Terra Tech Corp. Board in light of Terra Tech Corp. business and structure .
COMPX INTERNATIONAL INC results of operations for the interim periods ended September 30 , 2017 may not be indicative of COMPX INTERNATIONAL INC operating results for the full year .
In addition , the 2.5 % Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 and the 3.0 % Convertible Notes due 2028 issued by SEACOR HOLDINGS INC /NEW/ and the 3.75 % Subsidiary Convertible Senior Notes due 2022 issued by SMHI , a wholly - owned subsidiary of SEACOR HOLDINGS INC /NEW/ , which , under limited circumstances , may be exchanged for shares of SEACOR HOLDINGS INC /NEW/ s Common Stock or warrants to purchase SEACOR HOLDINGS INC /NEW/ s Common Stock , have controls in place that are designed to ensure compliance with the Jones Act .
Mr. Berkowitz serves as the Chief Investment Officer of Fairholme Capital Management , LLC , an investment adviser registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( " SEC " ) , and is the President and a Director of Fairholme Funds , Inc , a SEC - registered investment company providing investment management services to three mutual funds ( together with Fairholme Capital Management , LLC and other affiliates , " Fairholme " ) .
The increase in cost of professional services was primarily due to an increase of $ 3.3 million in employee compensation costs related to higher headcount , an increase of $ 1.8 million for work performed by subcontractors for engagements where Coupa Software Inc had contracted directly with the customer to perform the professional services , and an increase of $ 1.0 million related to travel expenses and allocated facilities costs driven by Coupa Software Inc overall growth .
The Loan Agreement consists of : ( i ) a revolving credit facility that provides New York & Company , Inc. with up to $ 100 million of credit , consisting of a $ 75 million revolving credit facility ( which includes a sub - facility for issuance of letters of credit up to $ 45 million ) with a fully committed accordion option that allows New York & Company , Inc. to increase the revolving credit facility up to $ 100 million or decrease it to a minimum of $ 60 million , subject to certain restrictions , and ( ii ) a $ 15 million , 5 - year term loan , bearing interest at the Adjusted Eurodollar Rate plus 4.50 % .
Prior to forming Winspear Investments , Mr. Winspear was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Associated Materials Incorporated , a nationwide manufacturer and distributor of residential building products consisting primarily of vinyl siding and windows , from June 1993 to May 2002 .
As additional consideration for the proceeds of the convertible note , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issued to JDF Capital warrants exercisable for 5 years to purchase up to 4,200 shares of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. common stock at an exercise price of $ 160.00 per share , subject to cashless exercise provisions .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 - K of Analogic Corporation ( the Company ) for the fiscal year ended July 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , the undersigned , Fred B. Parks , President and Chief Executive Officer of ANALOGIC CORP , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , that , to the best of his knowledge : .
Telephonics is headquartered in Farmingdale , New York and currently has approximately 1,000 employees .
The difference between the provision for income taxes at the U.S. federal income tax rate of 35 % and GCP s overall income tax rate is summarized below .
Dr. Anderson joined Griffin Capital Corporation in February 2014 as Chief Economist , and serves as Portfolio Manager / Co - Founder of Griffin Institutional Access Real Estate Fund , where he is also Chairman of the Board .
Titus B. Ball , Vice President and .
Shaun Donnelly Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , ( Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer ) .
Ms. Kurtz has also been appointed as chief financial officer and treasurer of the Advisor and the Property Manager , effective upon the effectiveness of Mr. Radesca 's resignation .
NEWPARK RESOURCES INC foreign subsidiaries in Italy and India maintain local credit arrangements consisting primarily of lines of credit which are renewed on an annual basis .
Implementation of Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. investment objective depends to a significant degree upon the contributions of certain of Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. executive officers and other key personnel of Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. Adviser , including Kevin A. Shields , David C. Rupert , Joseph E. Miller , Randy I. Anderson and Howard S. Hirsch , each of whom would be difficult to replace .
On December 15 , 2016 , Helpful Alliance Co formed a limited liability company in the Commonwealth of Virginia , Alliance Business Park LLC , in order to locate , purchase , own and develop a parcel of land in Virginia that Helpful Alliance Co intend to consist of at least five acres .
Waterworks gross profit for the three months ended July 29 , 2017 and July 30 , 2016 was negatively impacted by $ 0.5 million and $ 3.4 million , respectively , of amortization related to the inventory fair value adjustment recorded in connection with the acquisition .
In September 2015 , Mr. Chua was also appointed as the chief financial officer , treasurer , secretary and director of DSwiss Inc. Cheng Zhee Long- Director .
Momentive Performance Materials Inc. 2016 NEOs are : John G. Boss , President and Chief Executive Officer ( our CEO Erick R. Asmussen , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( our CFO and John D. Moran , Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary .
Crosman Overview Crosman , headquartered in Bloomfield , New York , is a leading designer , manufacturer , and marketer of airguns , archery products , laser aiming devices and related accessories .
Mr. McMahon and Mr. Liu were not compensated for their service as director in 2015 .
5.11 will pay CGM $ 3.5 million under the agreement .
The shelf registration statement permits : ( i ) the offering , issuance and sale by us of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $ 200.0 million of common stock , preferred stock , warrants , debt securities , and/or units in one or more offerings and in any combination ; ( ii ) sales of up to 2.5 million shares of common stock by certain selling stockholders ; and ( iii ) the offering , issuance and sale by us of up to a maximum aggregate offering price of $ 75.0 million of VITAL THERAPIES INC common stock that may be issued and sold under an at - the - market sales agreement , or ATM , with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. In October 2015 , VITAL THERAPIES INC completed a follow - on public offering raising gross proceeds of $ 34.5 million under the shelf registration statement .
The following table sets forth the high and low prices for Heritage Global Inc. common stock , as quoted on the CSE , for the calendar quarters from January 1 , 2014 through December 31 , 2015 , based on inter - dealer quotations , without retail mark - up , mark - down or commissions .
Pain Management Caretta was formed in August 2016 to develop the commercialization of over - the - counter products .
After the dividend payment term , the redemption price of Series E preferred stock is $ 0 , the Series E preferred stock has no convertibility to common stock and the holders are entitled to receive a pro - rata share of cumulative royalties totaling 4 % of ACTIVECARE , INC . 's gross profits payable quarterly for a two - year period .
Date : October 16 , 2017 /s / Yanika Silina Yanika Silina Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Accounting Officer ) .
The Trump Administration has included as part of its agenda a potential reform of U.S. tax laws .
Critical Accounting Policies Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on WILLIAMS SONOMA INC Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements , which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP .
Lisa D. Earnhardt President and Chief Executive Officer .
Immune Design Corp. net loss was $ 39.4 million , $ 34.2 million and $ 16.0 million for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively .
VIASAT INC also currently use the WildBlue-1 satellite , which VIASAT INC own , and which is co - located with Anik F2 under authority granted to Telesat Canada by the government of Canada , and pursuant to an agreement VIASAT INC have with Telesat Canada that expires upon the end of the useful life of Anik F2 .
Before joining Great Western Bancorp , Inc. bank , Mr. Karels served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Marquette Bank , Milbank , SD , where he was employed for 25 years .
On June 30 , 2017 , SELECT INCOME REIT purchased 222 of SELECT INCOME REIT common shares valued at $ 24.03 per share , the closing price of SELECT INCOME REIT common shares on Nasdaq on that day , from a former employee of RMR LLC in satisfaction of tax withholding and payment obligations in connection with the vesting of awards of SELECT INCOME REIT common shares .
In the six months ended June 30 , 2016 , cash provided by operating activities consisted primarily of TWILIO INC net loss of $ 17.5 million adjusted for non - cash items , including $ 8.0 million of stock - based compensation expense , $ 3.3 million of depreciation and amortization expense and $ 10.3 million of cumulative changes in operating assets and liabilities .
Upon issuance of ADOBE SYSTEMS INC $ 1 billion of 3.25 % senior notes due February 1 , 2025 ( the 2025 Notes ) in January 2015 , ADOBE SYSTEMS INC terminated the instrument and incurred a loss of $ 16.2 million .
Jeffery A. Leonard joined Alamo Group in September 2011 as Vice President of Alamo Group Inc. and Executive Vice President of Alamo Group ( USA ) Inc , in charge of the Industrial Division .
Prior to Antero , Mr. Warren served as EVP , CFO and Director of Pennaco Energy from 1998 until its sale to Marathon in early 2001 .
Operations During the first six months of 2017 and 2016 , OLD DOMINION ELECTRIC COOPERATIVE operating activities provided cash flows of $ 4.6 million and $ 26.2 million , respectively .
agreed to issue and sell and SSS agreed to purchase 4,545,454 shares of common stock of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
As a result , ABM INDUSTRIES INC /DE/ do not anticipate remitting such earnings to the United States and have not provided for federal and state income taxes or foreign withholding taxes that may result if such earnings of ABM INDUSTRIES INC /DE/ foreign subsidiaries are remitted to the United States .
In 2012 , Cytosorbents Corp established Cytosorbents Corp European subsidiary , CytoSorbents Europe GmbH , a wholly - owned subsidiary of CytoSorbents Corporation .
Alan Milinazzo has served as InspireMD , Inc. president , chief executive officer and director since January 3 , 2013 , and will serve in such positions until the earlier of June 30 , 2016 , or the date upon which a new president and/or chief executive officer commences employment .
During the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , AquaBounty Technologies , Inc. used $ 14.2 million for the purchase of certain assets of Bell Fish Company LLC and $ 2.0 million for construction and renovation charges at AquaBounty Technologies , Inc.
Global owned 2,377,500 shares of Bravatek Solutions , Inc. 's Series A Convertible Preferred Stock , and is the holder of outstanding promissory notes in the original principal amount of $ 558,500 , with accrued interest thereon due to Global of approximately $ 267,960 ( the " Global Notes " ) immediately prior to the Settlement Agreement .
In October 2014 , TWO RIVER BANCORP announced the expansion of TWO RIVER BANCORP residential mortgage lending operations with the hiring of a mortgage banking team with experience in the New Jersey markets of Monmouth , Ocean , Union and Middlesex Counties .
Investor Note means a promissory note of a Partner evidencing indebtedness incurred by such Partner to purchase a Capital Commitment Interest , the terms of which were or are approved by the General Partner and which is secured by such Capital Commitment Interest , all other Capital Commitment Interests of such Partner and all other interests of such Partner in Blackstone Collateral Entities ; provided , that such promissory note may also evidence indebtedness relating to other interests of such Partner in Blackstone Collateral Entities , and such indebtedness shall be prepayable with Capital Commitment Net Income ( whether or not such indebtedness relates to Capital Commitment Investments ) as set forth in this Agreement , the Investor Note , the other BCE Agreements and any documentation relating to Other Sources ; provided further , that references to Investor Notes herein refer to multiple loans made pursuant to such note , whether made with respect to Capital Commitment Investments or other BCE Investments , and references to an Investor Note refer to one such loan as the context requires .
following the time that the Tricor Funds and their affiliates cease to beneficially own a majority of CPI Card Group Inc. common stock , stockholder action may only be taken at a special or regular meeting and not by written consent , and special meetings may only be called by a majority of the total number of directors that CPI Card Group Inc. would have if there were no vacancies on CPI Card Group Inc. board of directors ; .
Other than Mr. Youngkin , Mr. Buser and Mr. Ferguson , none of Carlyle Group L.P. other named executive officers have received equity pool units .
As of September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , Summit Healthcare REIT , Inc have a 20 % interest in the Fantasia II JV .
Rate - regulated entities , including the California Utilities , record regulatory assets or liabilities as a result of the timing difference between the recognition of costs in accordance with U.S. GAAP and costs recovered through the rate - making process .
FBR & Co. investment banking revenues in 2013 were generated from 66 client transactions representing $ 16 billion in transaction value .
ATMI , Inc. was incorporated under the laws of Delaware in 1997 , and its predecessor company was incorporated under the laws of Delaware in 1987 .
Prior to joining Hermes , from March 2001 to March 2003 , Mr. Enck served as a General Manager and Vice President within Quintiles Transnational , a multi - national pharmaceutical services firm with nearly two billion dollars in annual revenues .
Other Executive Officer Severance Arrangements GCP Applied Technologies Inc. have entered into severance arrangements with Messrs. La Force , Poling and Shelnitz and Ms. Brown .
Marathon Petroleum Corp equity investment in MarkWest Utica EMG at March 31 , 2017 was $ 2.21 billion .
In addition to regulations in the U.S , Dipexium Pharmaceuticals , Inc. will be subject to regulations of other countries governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of Dipexium Pharmaceuticals , Inc. products .
OPCo acts as the servicer for Ohio Phase - in - Recovery Funding s securitized assets and remits all related amounts collected from customers to Ohio Phase - in - Recovery Funding for interest and principal payments on the securitization bonds and related costs .
Mr. Harris has over 20 years experience in medical device and biotechnology , most recently serving as the Vice President and General Manager of Becton Dickinson s operations in Japan .
John F. Donahue John F. Donahue Executive Vice President and Director March 17 , 2017 .
Exhibit 99.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed May 13 , 2009 .
During the nine months ended March 31 , 2017 , China Modern Agricultural Information , Inc. operating activities provided $ 36,135,113 in net cash , compared to $ 17,964,557 during the nine months ended March 31 , 2016.The net cash provided in the nine months ended March 31 , 2017 was slightly higher than China Modern Agricultural Information , Inc. net income primarily due to the depreciation on fixed assets and biological properties of $ 5,445,626 and amortization on lease of $ 1,271,289 .
( xii ) Form of Non - Qualified Stock Option Agreement , incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(xiii ) of McCormick s Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended May 31 , 2013 , File No . 1 - 14920 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 28 , 2013 , as amended , which Amendment No . 1 is incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10(xv ) of McCormick s Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended February 28 , 2015 , File No . 1 - 14920 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31 , 2015 .
In February 2017 , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . terminated CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . previous agreement with BNSF and entered into a new agreement effective April 1 , 2017 .
Concurrently , Heritage Global Inc. entered into a five year lease agreement with an affiliate of IAP to lease the building during the escrow period , which will terminate at the close of escrow .
Executive Vice President , People and Culture and General Counsel ; Jon Allen as Alphatec Holdings ,
The moderate U.S. economic recovery in the various regions where KEYCORP /NEW/ operate has been uneven , and continued improvement in the overall U.S. economy may not result in similar improvement , or any improvement at all , in the economy of any particular geographic region .
N. Joy Falotico , FORD MOTOR CREDIT CO LLC Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) , and Marion B. Harris , FORD MOTOR CREDIT CO LLC Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) and Treasurer , have performed an evaluation of FORD MOTOR CREDIT CO LLC s disclosure controls and procedures , as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ( Exchange Act ) , as of June 30 , 2017 , and each has concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in FORD MOTOR CREDIT CO LLC periodic reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded , processed , summarized , and reported within the time periods specified by SEC rules and forms , and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the CEO and CFO to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures .
If Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. exercised this conversion right , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. would hold approximately 74 % of U - Swirl s common stock as of November 30 , 2015 .
Paul J. Brehm has been Executive Vice President of OneBeacon Services since February 2013 .
With business expansion , KIWA BIO - TECH PRODUCTS GROUP CORP have hired more sales managers in Kiwa Beijing and in Kiwa Shenzhen to manage KIWA BIO - TECH PRODUCTS GROUP CORP sales activities in different regions of China from October 2016 to September 2017 .
Libin is also Senior Director for advanced technology for Sinclair Broadcast Group and the executive director of the Advanced Television Broadcasting Alliance ( the ATBA ) .
Exhibit 32.4 In connection with the Annual Report of Ascent Solar Technologies , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the period ended December 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date therein specified ( the Report ) , I , Victor Lee , President , Chief Executive Officer and acting Principal Financial Officer of Ascent Solar Technologies , Inc , certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and .
Mr. Cambre served as Chairman of the Board of McDermott International , Inc.
During the year ended December 31 , 2016 , the Corporation had three " Named Executive Officers " or " NEOs " , Mr. Tim Hunt , the Corporation 's Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors , President and Chief Executive Officer , Mr. James Meek , the Corporation 's Chief Financial Officer , and Mr. Danilo Silva , President of Cerro Cazador S.A , a wholly - owned subsidiary of the Corporation .
Hamilton E. James is President and Chief Operating Officer of Blackstone and a member of the board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner .
On August 4 , 2017 , following approval by the compensation committee of NanoString Technologies Inc board of directors , each of NanoString Technologies Inc named executive officers , including Bradley Gray , NanoString Technologies Inc president and chief executive officer , James Johnson , NanoString Technologies Inc chief financial officer , and David Ghesquiere , NanoString Technologies Inc senior vice president , corporate and business development , entered into an amendment to their respective employment agreements .
Overview ZD VENTURES Corp was incorporated on February 23 , 2005 under the laws of the state of Nevada .
Mr. Clark has served in several accounting / finance positions with MOC prior to his current assignment .
Critical Accounting Policies Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon ENTEGRIS INC s consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
ARBOR REALTY TRUST INC loan activity in 2016 ( from the July 14 , 2016 Acquisition date ) was comprised of originations totaling $ 2.15 billion and sales totaling $ 1.49 billion , excluding $ 418.2 million of sales on loans acquired as part of the Acquisition .
Cherubim Interests Inc. ( Company ) was organized September 27 , 2006 under the laws of the State of Nevada for the purpose of selling new food products produced or developed by North American companies to foreign markets .
The price of the put options will be based on the fair market value of the exercising Remaining Shareholder s interest in AMERICAN TOWER CORP /MA/ s India operations at the time the option is exercised .
During his tenure as a judge , Judge Gray served in other capacities including the California Judicial Council , the Alcohol Advisory Board to the Orange County Board of Supervisors , and held an elected position as a member of the Executive Committee of the Orange County Superior Court .
As board members , Messrs. Levie , Levin and Smith each owe a fiduciary duty to BOX INC stockholders and must act in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believe to be in the best interests of BOX INC stockholders .
L.P. limited partnership agreement , which KKR & Co. L.P. refer collectively to as the covered agreements , against KKR Holdings and certain of its subsidiaries and designees , a general partner or limited partner of KKR Holdings , or a person who holds a partnership or equity interest in the foregoing entities .
EMISPHERE TECHNOLOGIES INC net loss was $ 10.0 million , $ 40.4 million and $ 25.4 million for the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively .
Highlights of OCEANFIRST FINANCIAL CORP s financial results for the year ended December 31 , 2016 were as follows : Total assets increased to $ 5.2 billion at December 31 , 2016 , from $ 2.6 billion at December 31 , 2015 , primarily as a result of the acquisitions of Cape and Ocean Shore .
CLEARONE INC . is headquartered in Salt Lake City , Utah , with locations in Gainsville , Florida ; Austin , Texas ; Corvallis , Oregon ; Hong Kong ; Israel , Spain and United Arab Emirates .
As of March 31 , 2017 , as shown in the table below , Citizens Community Bancorp Inc.
METLIFE INC 2015 results included the following : .
Perrigo Company plc was incorporated under the laws of Ireland on June 28 , 2013 and became the successor registrant of Perrigo Company , a Michigan corporation , on December 18 , 2013 in connection with the acquisition of Elan Corporation , plc ( " Elan " ) .
South represents operations in the FRCC , MISO s Southern Region , and the remaining portions of the SERC not included within MISO or PJM , which includes all or most of Florida , Arkansas , Louisiana , Mississippi , Alabama , Georgia , Tennessee , North Carolina , South Carolina and parts of Missouri , Kentucky and Texas .
There may be patents in the United States or abroad owned by third parties that , if valid , may block ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC ability to make , use or sell ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC products in the United States or certain countries outside the United States , or block ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC ability to import ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC products into the United States or into certain countries outside the United States .
InspireMD , Inc. loan and security agreement with Hercules Technology Growth Capital , Inc , dated October 23 , 2013 , prohibits us from paying dividends or distributions on InspireMD , Inc. common stock .
Market for Registrant 's Common Equity , Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Revlon , Inc. beneficially owns all of the 5,260 outstanding shares of Products Corporation 's common stock , with par value of $ 1.00 per share .
On October 1 , 2015 , GRAPHIC PACKAGING HOLDING CO acquired the converting assets of Staunton , VA - based Carded Graphics , LLC .
On September 30 , 2015 , Joseph Gutnick resigned as President , Chief Executive Officer and a Director and Mr. Mordechai Gutnick was appointed as President , Chief Executive Officer and a Director .
On May 28 , 2015 , Fouzi , Al - Fouzan , an investor in ACTIVECARE , INC , filed a lawsuit against ACTIVECARE , INC , James Dalton , ACTIVECARE , INC . Executive Chairman , ADP Management , an entity controlled by David Derrick , ACTIVECARE , INC . former Executive Chairman , and 4 G Biometrics , a wholly owned subsidiary of ACTIVECARE , INC . in the District Court of Utah - Central Division ( Case No .
REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP also increased Mr. Pieraccioni s housing allowance to $ 250,000 per annum and extended such allowance through February 2019 .
Aclaris Therapeutics , Inc. is required to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize at least one product for at least one indication in the United States .
Combined , these charges had a negative impact of $ 0.03 on WASTE MANAGEMENT INC diluted loss per share .
Mr. Beebe serves as a member of the board of directors of Nextel International , SBA Communications and Skyworks Solutions and is a founding partner of Astra Capital Management , a private equity firm .
Investment Management Fees Further , except in limited circumstances , Athene Holding Ltd currently pay AAM 40 basis points per annum on assets managed and Athene Holding Ltd pay additional fees to Apollo and its affiliates for providing sub - advisory services and acting as manager of investment funds in which Athene Holding Ltd invest .
John N. McMullen John McMullen is Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President of Kodak .
22nd Century Group , Inc. prospects depend on 22nd Century Group , Inc. ability to generate and sustain revenues from ( i ) licensing and/or sale of 22nd Century Group , Inc. proprietary tobacco , technology and products ; ( ii ) regulatory approval of 22nd Century Group , Inc. X-22 smoking cessation aid ; ( iii ) further development of 22nd Century Group , Inc. potential modified risk tobacco products ; ( iv ) domestic and international sales of 22nd Century Group , Inc. brands , including RED SUN and MAGIC ; and ( v ) the manufacture of the filtered cigar and cigarette brands of third - parties at 22nd Century Group , Inc. manufacturing facility in North Carolina . 22nd Century Group , Inc. ability to generate meaningful revenue from 22nd Century Group , Inc. potential modified risk tobacco products in the United States depends on obtaining FDA authorization to market these products as modified risk or reduced exposure ; and 22nd Century Group , Inc. ability to generate meaningful revenue in the United States from X-2 2 depends on FDA approval .
Under the second tax receivable agreement , Planet Fitness , Inc. generally is required to pay to the Direct TSG Investors 85 % of the amount of tax savings , if any , that the Compan y is deemed to realize as a result of the tax attributes of the Holdings Units held in respect of the Direct TSG Investors interest in Planet Fitness , Inc , which resulted from the Direct TSG Investors purchase of interests in Pla - Fit Holdings in 2012 , and certai n other tax benefits .
INSTRUCTURE INC quarterly operating results have fluctuated in the past and INSTRUCTURE INC expect them to fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors , many of which are outside of INSTRUCTURE INC control .
Carlyle Group L.P. have substantial earn - out payments due over the next several years in connection with Carlyle Group L.P. strategic investment in NGP and acquisitions of Claren Road , ESG and Metropolitan .
Mr. Vasos has served as Chief Executive Officer and a member of DOLLAR GENERAL CORP Board since June 2015 .
Additionally , International includes sales to consumers through the Internet in Japan , mainland China , South Korea , the United Kingdom , France , Spain , Germany and Italy , as well as sales to wholesale customers and distributors in approximately 55 countries .
Moses H. Feagin Moses H. Feagin Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , and Treasurer February 26 , 2016 .
On January 11 , 2016 , HYPERDYNAMICS CORP filed legal actions against HYPERDYNAMICS CORP partners under the Joint Operating Agreement governing the oil and gas exploration rights offshore Guinea ( JOA ) in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas and before the AAA against Tullow , a wholly owned subsidiary of Tullow Oil , PLC and Dana , a wholly owned subsidiary of the Korean National Oil Company , for their failure to meet their obligations under the JOA and the PSC .
Dennis C. Kakures , MCGRATH RENTCORP former President and CEO , took early retirement from MCGRATH RENTCORP , and Joseph F. Hanna , MCGRATH RENTCORP Chief Operating Officer , was appointed President and CEO on February 27 , 2017 .
CCO HOLDINGS CAPITAL CORP purchases programming from both Discovery and Lions Gate pursuant to agreements entered into prior to Dr. Malone and Mr. Miron joining Charter s board of directors .
Risk A substantial portion of NUVASIVE INC operations are located in the United States , and the majority of NUVASIVE INC sales since inception have been made in the United States dollars .
Steven H. Gunby President and Chief Executive Officer ( principal executive officer ) .
As a result of these business reorganization efforts , Sino - Global Shipping America , Ltd. optimized Sino - Global Shipping America , Ltd. cost structure , reduced Sino - Global Shipping America , Ltd. dependency on shipping agency business , and shifted Sino - Global Shipping America , Ltd. shipping agency operation from Sino - Global Shipping America , Ltd. VIE to Sino - Global Shipping America , Ltd. wholly - owned subsidiaries in China and Hong Kong .
On December 8 , 2014 , Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. issued 250,000 restricted shares of restricted common stock to Richard G. Stifel , Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. 's CFO and a Director , for serving as a Director of the Company .
changes in U.S. GAAP or in the legal , regulatory and legislative environments in the markets in which US - DADI FERTILIZER INDUSTRY INTERNATIONAL , INC . operate ; .
Bergio International , Inc. believe Bergio International , Inc. success will depend , to a significant extent , on the efforts and abilities of Berge Abajian , Bergio International , Inc. Chief Executive Officer .
Furthermore , with respect to certain non - U.S. stockholders , Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax with respect to such dividends , including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in common stock .
In the first quarter of 2017 , COLGATE PALMOLIVE CO increased the annualized common stock dividend by 3 % to $ 1.60 per share , effective in the second quarter of 2017 .
Alan Clark , age 63 , joined MOC in 1979 and serves as Treasurer and Controller of both MD and MOC .
For 2016 , Mr. Haugh s performance goals were as described below under Narrative Disclosure to Summary Compensation Table and Plan - Based Awards Table Employment Agreements , Former Employment Agreements and Executive Severance Plan Participation Agreements Current Employees .
Most recently , in October 2015 , the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau s new Truth in Lending - Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act ( TILA - RESPA )
Mr. Foss serves on the board of CIGNA Corporation and previously served on the board of UDR , Inc. Stephen P. Bramlage , Jr. was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2015 .
If Allergan does not exercise its opt - in right , APRICUS BIOSCIENCES , INC . may commercialize the product and in return will pay Allergan a high double - digit royalty in the ten to twenty percent range on its net sales of the product .
In addition , in the event of a fundamental transaction ( other than a fundamental transaction not approved by Alphatec Holdings , Inc. s Board of Directors ) , Alphatec Holdings , Inc. or any successor entity shall , at the holder s option , purchase the holder s Common Stock Warrants for an amount of cash equal to the value of the Common Stock Warrants as determined in accordance with the Black Scholes option pricing model .
Dr. Anderson has been an Executive Vice President since Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. initial formation .
Overview Cass provides payment and information processing services to large manufacturing , distribution and retail enterprises from its offices / locations in St. Louis , Missouri , Columbus , Ohio , Boston , Massachusetts , Greenville , South Carolina , Wellington , Kansas , Jacksonville , Florida , and Breda , Netherlands .
Yum China Holdings , Inc. effective tax rate is generally lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35 % due to the majority of Yum China Holdings , Inc. income being earned in China where the tax rate is lower than the U.S. rate .
also support Tilly s Life Center , founded by TILLY 'S , INC . co - founder , Tilly Levine , which provides underprivileged youth a healthy and caring environment to help create a well - defined sense of self , cultivate community mindedness and release negative emotional stress .
As Pazoo , Inc. subsidiaries are in various stages of the process of applying for licenses to test marijuana in Nevada and Oregon , and are not as such presently engaged in the testing of marijuana , Pazoo , Inc. subsidiaries have not been , and are not currently , subject to any material litigation , complaint or enforcement action regarding marijuana ( or otherwise ) brought by any federal , state , or local governmental authority .
In addition , there was a $ 1.1 million increase in expense for external consultants within Alarm.com Holdings , Inc. Alarm.com segment to support Alarm.com Holdings , Inc. growth and compliance with the regulations governing public companies as well as a $ 0.8 million increase in rent expense .
Chief Technology Officer since January 2011 ( inception ) and as RIGHTSCORP , INC .
In response to the New York PSC developments discussed above , Genie Energy Ltd. focused Genie Energy Ltd. meter acquisition efforts outside of New York State while simultaneously taking steps to reduce the prospective and contingent impact of the PSC s orders on Genie Energy Ltd. New York operations .
Mr. Pfanzelter served as senior vice president of Kellogg Company , president of Kellogg s Specialty Channels and president of Kellogg Canada from May 2004 to May 2010 , while also serving as part of the Kellogg Executive Committee and Global Leadership Team .
Combined Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ( Continued ) ( Dollars in millions , except per share data unless otherwise noted ) As part of the execution of the NOSA on April 1 , 2014 , Generation executed an Indemnity Agreement pursuant to which Generation agreed to indemnify EDF and its affiliates against third - party claims that may arise from any future nuclear incident ( as defined in the Price - Anderson Act ) in connection with the CENG nuclear plants or their operations .
On December 25 , 2015 , Novo Integrated Sciences , Inc. received a written ruling from the Prosecutor that it had declined to prosecute Mr. Chen and Mr. Huang for criminal fraud .
During 2017 , OHIO VALLEY BANC CORP 's net interest margin results improved over the prior year , finishing at 4.52 % during the first quarter of 2017 , as compared to 4.50 % during the same period in 2016 .
In addition , the Bancorp had $ 845 thousand of federal funds sold , and $ 3.0 million in FHLB stock .
This stock is owned by the George R. and Shirley C. Quist Family Partnership , Ltd , of which Scott M. Quist is the managing general partner and , accordingly , exercises sole voting and investment powers with respect to such shares .
Mr. Hance joined Carlyle in November 2005 and has worked primarily in Carlyle Group L.P. Global Market Strategies segment and the financial services sector .
Other income for the 201 4 year of $ 24.9 million primarily resulted from the sale of SKYWEST INC equity investment in TRIP Linhas Arereas , a regional airline operation in Brazil ( TRIP ) .
ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS - SOUTH JERSEY INDUSTRIES INC prepare SOUTH JERSEY INDUSTRIES INC consolidated financial statements to conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) .
Under these agreements , which replaced substantially similar agreements that expired on June 30 , 2016 , Dr. Spana is serving as Chief Executive Officer and President at a base salary of $ 476,400 per year and Mr. Wills is serving as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer at a base salary of $ 435,200 per year .
Energy XXI Gulf Coast , Inc. consolidated net loss attributable to common stockholders for the year ended June 30 , 2015 was $ 2,445.3 million or $ 25.97 diluted net loss per share as compared to consolidated net income attributable to common stockholders of $ 6.6 million or $ 0.09 diluted income per share for the year ended June 30 , 2014 .
As of June 30 , 2017 , evaluations were performed under the supervision and with the participation of Entergy Corporation , Entergy Arkansas , Entergy Louisiana , Entergy Mississippi , Entergy New Orleans , Entergy Texas , and System Energy ( individually Registrant and collectively the Registrants ) management , including their respective Principal Executive Officers ( PEO ) and Principal Financial Officers ( PFO ) .
Delphi Automotive PLC History and Structure On August 19 , 2009 , Delphi Automotive LLP , a limited liability partnership organized under the laws of England and Wales , was formed for the purpose of acquiring certain assets and subsidiaries of Old Delphi ( the Acquisition ) , which , along with certain of its U.S. subsidiaries , had filed voluntary petitions for bankruptcy in October 2005 .
On October 31 , 2011 , NTELOS distributed one share of Lumos Networks common stock for every share of NTELOS s common stock outstanding , on a post - Reverse Stock Split basis .
James D. Harrington Mr. Harrington has served as TENNECO INC Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since June 2009 and is responsible for managing TENNECO INC worldwide legal affairs including corporate governance and compliance .
Based upon that evaluation , Rebel Group , Inc. 's CEO concluded that the material weaknesses disclosed in Rebel Group , Inc. 's Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 continue to exist and accordingly , Rebel Group , Inc. 's disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that Rebel Group , Inc. files or submits under the Exchange Act , is recorded , processed , summarized and reported , within the time periods specified in the SEC 's rules and forms , and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company 's management , including Rebel Group , Inc. 's CEO , as appropriate , to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure .
According to data received from Smith Travel Research and compiled by us in order to analyze MARCUS CORP fiscal year results , comparable upper upscale hotels throughout the United States experienced an increase in RevPAR of 6.9 % during MARCUS CORP fiscal 2015 .
Mr. Conner serves on the board of Adient plc .
Mark Engler Mark Engler , Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial Officer .
In this Report , references to eMagin Corporation , eMagin , EMAGIN CORP , EMAGIN CORP , us , and EMAGIN CORP company refer to eMagin Corporation and EMAGIN CORP wholly owned subsidiary , Virtual Vision , Inc. ITEM 1 .
The personnel reduction costs of $ 1.9 million consist of $ 0.4 million in headcount reductions related to the shut - down of operations for KFM in Knoxville , Tennessee , $ 0.3 million related to the consolidation of certain Solid Capacitor manufacturing in Matamoros , Mexico , $ 0.3 million for overhead reductions in Sweden , $ 0.3 million in U.S. headcount reductions related to the relocation of global marketing functions to KEMET CORP s Fort Lauderdale , Florida office , $ 0.3 million related to headcount reductions in Europe ( primarily Italy and Landsberg , Germany ) corresponding with the relocation of certain production lines and laboratories to lower cost regions , $ 0.2 million overhead reductions as KEMET CORP relocate the R D operations from Weymouth , England to Evora , Portugal , and $ 0.1 million in manufacturing headcount reductions related to the relocation of the K - Salt operations to the existing Matamoros , Mexico plant .
Previously , Dr. Serhan served as President , Global HyCO , since 2014 for Praxair Inc. From 2000 - 2014 , he worked in leadership positions in the U.S. and Germany for The Linde Group .
The exercise price was determined based on the average of the high and low trading prices of Grace common stock on the NYSE on the grant date .
These discrete income tax provision items were partially offset by the income tax benefit associated with SKYWEST INC loss before income tax of $ 16.3 million for 2014 .
ICAD INC believe Mr. Rappaport s qualifications to serve on ICAD INC Board of Directors include his extensive financial and legal expertise combined with his experience as an executive officer , partner and director .
If HISTOGENICS CORP can not satisfy these requirements , NASDAQ could delist HISTOGENICS CORP common stock .
In any event , these and other crucial factors , including those set forth in Item 1A Risk Factors of Vystar Corp Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by Vystar Corp. forward - looking statements .
David J. Field Name : David J. Field Title : President and Chief Executive Officer ( principal executive officer ) .
Geant Corp. ( the Company , Geant Corp , us or our ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 26 , 2016 to start business operations concerned with production of paper made from elephant dung for making various stationery products and subsequent selling thereof .
In particular , RingCentral Inc depend to a considerable degree on the vision , skills , experience , and effort of RingCentral Inc co - founder , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , Vladimir Shmunis .
CHERUBIM INTERESTS , INC . gross revenue for the years ended August 31 , 2016 and 2015 was $ 213,663 and $ 0 and cost of goods sold was $ 117,768 and $ 0 .
ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. operate STK restaurants as well as food and beverage hospitality services locations in England and Italy .
Virginia C. Herring , 54 President and Chief Executive Officer Daughter of Ben F. Cheek , III , Sister of Ben F. Cheek , IV Joined 1st FRANKLIN FINANCIAL CORP on a full time basis in April 1988 as Developmental Officer .
ROBERT M. KOTTLER , age 57 , has served as Executive Vice President and Director of Retail and Small Business since his appointment in 2011 .
Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. also increased the size of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. credit facility by $ 50 million and continue to conduct securitizations with institutional investors .
( a ) As previously reported in Revlon 's second quarter 2016 Form 10 - Q. ( b ) Purchased intangible assets include customer networks fair valued at $ 11.9 million and intellectual property fair valued at $ 0.8 million , which are amortized over useful lives of 15 and 10 years , respectively , and indefinite lived trade names fair valued at $ 4.5 million .
Previously , Mr. Wilmott served as Chief Operating Officer of Harrah s Entertainment , a position he held for approximately four years .
The United States Environmental Protection Agency and several states , including Iowa , have established requirements for owners and operators of underground gasoline storage tanks ( USTs ) with regard to ( i ) maintenance of leak detection , corrosion protection and overfill / spill protection systems ; ( ii ) upgrade of existing tanks ; ( iii ) actions required in the event of a detected leak ; ( iv ) prevention of leakage through tank closings ; and ( v ) required gasoline inventory recordkeeping .
In connection with the quarterly report of Dawson Geophysical Company ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , James K. Brata , Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and Treasurer of DAWSON GEOPHYSICAL CO , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ,
James J. Murren , MGM Resorts International Chairman , Daniel J. Taylor , one of MGM Resorts International directors , and William J. Hornbuckle , Elisa C. Gois , and John M. McManus , members of MGM Resorts International senior management , may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their positions at MGP ; .
As a result of the foregoing , 1347 Property Insurance Holdings , Inc. s net loss for the third quarter 2017 was $ 2,263 , or $ 0.38 per diluted share , compared to a net loss of $ 1,806 , or $ 0.30 per diluted share for the third quarter of 2016 .
Additionally , accrued compensation and benefits decreased $ 1,974,000 principally as a result of a decrease in POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . discretionary compensation liability year over year and POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . income taxes payable decreased $ 779,000 due to an overall decrease in POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC .
During Fiscal 2016 , LANNETT CO INC completed the acquisition of KUPI , the former subsidiary of global biopharmaceuticals company UCB S.A. KUPI is a U.S. specialty pharmaceuticals manufacturer focused on the development of products that are difficult to formulate or utilize specialized delivery technologies .
As of March 2017 and December 2016 , the fair value of the securities and certain overnight cash deposits included in GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC GCLA totaled $ 222.50 billion and $ 226.07 billion , respectively .
EchoStar entered into various agreements with DISH Network .
/s/ M. Brent Stevens Director March 30 , 2016 M. Brent Stevens .
Farmer Mac increased its outstanding business volume by $ 0.4 billion from the end of 2016 to $ 17.8 billion as of March 31 , 2017 .
In New Zealand operations include the production , packaging and distribution on a commercial scale of gourmet meat pies and related bakery confections through CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES INC wholly owned subsidiary Gourmet Foods , Ltd. and in Canada CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES INC provide security alarm system installation and monitoring to residential and commercial customers sold through CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES INC wholly owned subsidiary Brigadier .
the capitalization table attached hereto as Exhibit H ( the Cap Table ) sets forth all of the outstanding capital of Microbot on a Fully - Diluted Basis as of the Effective Date , including the shares issued to Technion on account of Professor Shoham s involvement as a founder of Microbot ; .
Western Uranium Corp are headquartered in Ontario , Canada with mining operations in the two U.S. states of Utah and Colorado .
As a result of the failure to timely file Reign Sapphire Corp 2016 Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 and Reign Sapphire Corp Form 10 - Q for the three month period ended March 31 , 2017 , the November 2016 and December 2015 Notes were in default .
The Support Agreement provides commercial certainty for the holders of Exchangeable Shares in this regard since it creates enforceable contractual rights of Subco against us so that in all relevant circumstances Subco is in a position to acquire the necessary shares of TROPIC INTERNATIONAL INC . common stock , and finance any dividend payments equivalent to dividends TROPIC INTERNATIONAL INC . decide to pay on shares of TROPIC INTERNATIONAL INC . common stock , in order to satisfy Subco s obligations under the Exchangeable Share Provisions .
The Board has assessed the independence of each non - employee director under the NASDAQ Stock Market s independence standards set forth above and believes that Messrs. David Fisher , Shawn Lilley and Joseph Nowicki qualify as independent directors .
Any continued appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the U.K. pound sterling , the euro , the Indian rupee , the Singapore dollar , the Canadian dollar , the Australian dollar and/or SEK will likely have a negative impact on VIRTUSA CORP revenue , operating income and net income .
Rick Gutshall Interim - Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and Director Annette Knebel Chief Accounting Officer and Director John Zimmerman Vice President and Director Dr. Lang Coleman Director John Seckman Director Election of Chief Executive Officer .
Under the Purchase Agreement , upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein , on any trading day selected by MYnd Analytics , Inc. on which the closing sale price of its Common Stock is equal to or greater than $ 0.50 per share , MYnd Analytics , Inc. has the right , in its sole discretion , to present Aspire Capital with a purchase notice , directing Aspire Capital ( as principal ) to purchase up to 50,000 shares of Common Stock per business day , up to $ 10.0 million of MYnd Analytics , Inc. s common stock in the aggregate at a per share purchase price equal to the lesser of : .
Ms. VanLent currently serves as lead director , chair of the Audit Committee , and member of the Nominating and Governance Committee of Aviragen Therapeutics , Inc. ; a director , chair of the Audit Committee , and chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee of Ocera Therapeutics , Inc. ( formerly Tranzyme Pharma , Inc. ) ; and a director , chair of the Audit Committee and member of the Compliance Committee of Aegerion Pharmaceuticals , Inc , each a NASDAQ - listed pharmaceuticals company .
Dividends LinnCo , LLC pay in excess of LinnCo , LLC earnings and profits will not be treated as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes ; instead , they will be treated first as a tax - free return of capital to the extent of your tax basis in your shares and then as capital gain realized on the sale or exchange of such shares .
MB Bancorp Inc rely heavily on MB Bancorp Inc President and Chief Executive Officer , Julia A. Newton .
NGL revenues increased by $ 13.2 million to $ 17.6 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 as compared to NGL revenues of $ 4.4 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 .
AMES NATIONAL CORP will provide a paper copy of these reports free of charge upon written or telephonic request directed to John P. Nelson , CFO , 405 5th Street , Ames , Iowa 50010 or ( 515 ) 232 - 6251 or by email request at info@amesnational.com .
Any unvested awards will vest in full upon a sale of Planet Fitness , Inc , subject to Mr. Lively s continued employment .
Exhibit 10.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 10 - Q filed November 6 , 2008 .
As such , as of December 31 and June 30 , 2015 , China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc provided approximately $ 2.6 million and $ 2.8 million of valuation allowance to the deferred tax assets related to its China operations , all of which was against deferred tax assets current related to its allowance for doubtful accounts , as management estimates that certain bad debts may not be deductible against future pre - tax income by the Chinese tax authorities .
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 primarily related to LKQ CORP investment in Mekonomen . Foreign Currency Impact .
In October 2016 , Quanex Building Products CORP announced the closure of three operating plants , two related to Quanex Building Products CORP United States vinyl operations , and one related to Quanex Building Products CORP kitchen and bathroom cabinet door business in Mexico .
If droughts become more common or severe , or if BROWN FORMAN CORP water supply were interrupted for other reasons , high - quality water could become scarce in some key production regions for BROWN FORMAN CORP products , including Tennessee , Kentucky , California , Finland , Canada , Mexico , Scotland , and Ireland .
Dermira , Inc. have agreed with UCB to a scope of exclusivity that will prevent us from developing and commercializing a material category of products , which could harm Dermira , Inc. current and future business prospects , including the likelihood that Dermira , Inc. will be acquired .
In January 2011 , Mr. Burke became the President and Chief Executive Officer of NBCUniversal Holdings and NBCUniversal and resigned from his position as NBCUniversal Media , LLC Chief Operating Officer .
In June 2010 , FBR & Co. and Crestview agreed to amend the professional services agreement to allow Crestview the ability to elect to receive a portion of their fee in restricted stock and/or options to purchase shares of FBR & Co. s common stock .
Existing investments are reviewed and monitored on a regular and continuous basis , and J. Tomilson Hill , CEO of Hedge Fund Solutions and Vice Chairman of Blackstone , and other senior members of Blackstone Group L.P. Hedge Fund Solutions team , generally meet bi - weekly with Mr. Schwarzman and Mr. James for a high - level review of the group s business and affairs .
Essent Group Ltd. lease office facilities in Radnor , Pennsylvania and additional offices in Winston - Salem , North Carolina , and Irvine , California for
and equipment and to use land , franchise agreements and licenses for operation , by the California Public Utilities Commission , California State Legislature , U.S. Department of Energy , California Division of Oil , Gas , and Geothermal Resources , Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , Nuclear Regulatory Commission , California Energy Commission , U.S. Environmental Protection Agency , Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration , California Air Resources Board , South Coast Air Quality Management District , Mexican Competition Commission , cities and counties , and other regulatory , governmental and environmental bodies in the United States and other countries in which SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO operate ; .
All of Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. manufacturing operations are located in Durango , Colorado .
In addition , ECOSPHERE TECHNOLOGIES INC received $ 0.5 million in proceeds from debt type investment classified as an obligation secured by revenues in connection with an investment in ECOSPHERE TECHNOLOGIES INC s subsidiary , Ecosphere Development Company , LLC , where the investor receives a certain percentage interest in a future revenue stream .
Prior to joining CIBC World Markets Corp. in 1995 , Mr. Heyer was a founder and Managing Director of The Argosy Group L.P. Before Argosy , Mr. Heyer was a Managing Director at Drexel Burnham Lambert Incorporated and previous to that , he worked at Shearman / American Express .
From time to time , Hatteras Financial Corp may sell shares of Hatteras Financial Corp common stock , preferred stock , debt securities , depositary shares or warrants under Hatteras Financial Corp Registration Statement on Form S-3 ( No . 333 - 204935 ) , which became effective upon filing with the SEC on June 12 , 2015 , including sales of common stock made in at the market offerings .
The success of Quotient Technology Inc. business depends in part on Quotient Technology Inc. ability to increase Quotient Technology Inc. share of CPG spending on overall coupons and trade promotions , increase media spending on Quotient Technology Inc. platform , increase the number of brands that are using Quotient Technology Inc. platform within each CPG , increase adoption and scale of Retailer iQ , and development and deployment of Quotient Insights and QMX .
Sachem Capital Corp. was formed , under the name HML Capital Corp , in January 2016 under the New York Business Corporation Law .
On May 20 , 2013 , ARES CAPITAL CORP was named as one of several defendants in an action filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania by the bankruptcy trustee of DSI Renal Holdings LLC ( DSI Renal ) and two affiliate companies .
U. S. Steel uses euro forward sales contracts with maturities no longer than 12 months to exchange euros for U.S. dollars to manage UNITED STATES STEEL CORP currency requirements and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations .
MoviePass depends on the continued services and performance of its key personnel , particularly its Chief Executive Officer Mitch Lowe and other key members of management .
Under the Sales Agreement , Cantor may sell Shares by any method permitted by law and deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended ( Securities Act ) , including sales made directly on The NASDAQ Capital Market , on any existing trading market for Cytosorbents Corp common stock or to or through a market maker .
Each of the undersigned , Michael D. Step , Chief Executive Officer of Ritter Pharmaceuticals , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( the Company ) , and Ellen Mochizuki , Vice President , Finance of RITTER PHARMACEUTICALS INC , do hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to their respective knowledge ( 1 ) the quarterly report on Form 10 - Q of RITTER PHARMACEUTICALS INC for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , and ( 2 ) the information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of RITTER PHARMACEUTICALS INC . May By : /s/ Michael D. Step .
On August 20 , 2013 Gawk Inc. company entered into an employment agreement with Scott Kettle the Chief Executive Officer and Christopher G. Hall .
In July 2011 , an NRC Task Force formed in the aftermath of the March 11 , 2011 , 9.0 magnitude earthquake and ensuing tsunami , that seriously damaged the nuclear units at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station , issued a report of its review of the accident , including tiered recommendations for future regulatory action by the NRC to be taken in the near and longer term .
CHIMERIX INC management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on CHIMERIX INC audited consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ( GAAP ) .
The graph assumes the investment of $ 100 on July 24 , 2014 , the date on which Intersect ENT , Inc. common stock began trading on The NASDAQ Global Market , through December 31 , 2015 .
PACCAR INC s Financial Services segment derives its earnings primarily from financing or leasing PACCAR products in North America , Europe and Australia .
If Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. become able to have Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. shares of common stock quoted on the OTCBB , Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. will then try , through a broker - dealer and its clearing firm , to become eligible with the DTC to permit Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. shares to trade electronically .
Directors : General T.Y Danjuma GCON ( Non - Executive Chairman ) , Senator Daisy Danjuma ( Executive Vice Chairman ) , Dale Rollins ( Managing Director ) , Mrs Gloria Atta , Mrs Hannatu Gentles , Dr Thomas John , Mr Bernard Longe .
All of LSB INDUSTRIES INC natural gas producing activities are within the United States ( in Pennsylvania ) .
( 3 ) Includes a vacation ownership development adjacent to the Grand Geneva Resort Spa owned by Orange Lake Resort Country Club of Orlando , Florida for which MARCUS CORP provide hospitality management services , and the SafeHouse restaurant located in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , which MARCUS CORP lease from an unrelated party and which is managed by MARCUS CORP hotels and resorts division .
Compared to 2014 Revenues and Comparable Store Sales Sears Domestic 's revenues decreased by $ 2.1 billion to $ 15.0 billion in 2015 .
Appendix B Competitive Enterprises For TEMPUR SEALY INTERNATIONAL , INC . and its Affiliates Ace AH Beard Auping Ashley Sleep Aviya Bedshed Better Bed Bohus Botafogo Boyd Bruno Carpe Diem Carpenter Carolina Mattress Casper Cauval Group Chaide Chaide Classic Sleep Products Coin Colunex Copel Comforpedic Comfort Group Comfort Solutions COFEL group Correct De Rucci Diamona Doremo Octaspring Dorelan Dreams Drommeland Dunlopillo Duxiana Eastborne El Corte Ingles Eminflex Englander Eve Falafella Flex Group of Companies Foamex Forty Winks Furniture Villge France Bed Future Foam Harrisons Harvey Norman Group Hastens Helix Sleep Hilding Anders Group Hyundai Retail Group Hypnos Jysk Group KayMed King Koil Kingsdown Koala Lady Americana Land and Sky Leesa Sleep Leggett Platt Lo Monaco Lotte Retail Group Luna Lutz Group Magniflex Metzler Myers Nature s Sleep ( GhostBed ) Optimo Ortobom Per Dormire Purple , Inc. Natura Natures Rest Park Place Permaflex Pikolin Group Recticel Group Relyon Restonic Reverie Rosen Rowe Saatva Sapsa Bedding Select Comfort Serta and any direct or indirect parent company Silentnight Simba Simmons Company / Beautyrest and any direct or indirect parent company Sinomax Sleep Innovations Sleepmaker Spring Air Steinhoff Sterling Stobel Swiss Comfort Swiss Sense Tediber Therapedic Tuft and Needle Whisper .
On February 29 , 2016 , STERICYCLE INC entered into a statute of limitations tolling agreement with the United States Attorney s Office for the District of Utah ( the USAO ) relating to an investigation by the USAO and the Criminal Investigation Division of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( the EPA ) of the same facts underlying the notice of violation ( the NOV ) issued by the State of Utah Division of Air Quality ( the DAQ ) that resulted in STERICYCLE INC December 2014 settlement with the DAQ that STERICYCLE INC have previously disclosed .
Joseph M. Buonaiuto Joseph M. Buonaiuto Controller and Chief Accounting Officer .
With respect to REATA PHARMACEUTICALS INC omaveloxolone programs and REATA PHARMACEUTICALS INC collaboration agreement with AbbVie , REATA PHARMACEUTICALS INC were responsible for a certain initial amount in early development costs before AbbVie began sharing development costs equally .
Coretec Industries , LLC , a North Dakota limited liability company ( Coretec ) , was organized on June 2 , 2015 .
Prior to joining LMI AEROSPACE INC , Mr. Korte served as President of Defense Aerospace at Rolls - Royce and , prior thereto , as Vice President and General Manager for Global Strike Systems , a division of the Boeing Military .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Portsmouth Square , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarterly period ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , John V. Winfield , President and Chief Executive Officer of PORTSMOUTH SQUARE INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , to the best of my knowledge , that : .
In August 2014 , Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. filed a registration statement with the SEC registering the possible offering and sale of up to $ 500 million of any combination of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. common stock , preferred stock , depositary shares and warrants and rights ( collectively referred to as the securities . ) that has been declared effective by the SEC .
In 2015 , in connection with investment advisory services provided by Blackstone to BXMT , Mr. Gray was also allocated restricted shares of listed common stock of BXMT with a value of $ 984,407 based on the closing price of BXMT s common stock on the date of the award .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of Quanex Building Products CORP financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets , liabilities , revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities .
Inc. s operations and business strategy in consideration of ( a ) an option granted by Demand Pooling , Inc. to AVP to purchase 3,235,971 shares of Demand Pooling , Inc. s common stock at a price of $ 0.0001 per share ( the AVP Option ) .
Mr. Kirk Dove was appointed Chief Operating Officer and President of Heritage Global Inc. on May 5 , 2015 and has served as Co - Managing Partner of Heritage Global Partners , Inc. since its founding in October 2009 .
YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . are required to obtain government approval from the Ministry of Commerce of the People s Republic of China ( MOFCOM ) , and other government agencies in China for transactions such as YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . acquisition or disposition of business entities in China .
/s/ Michael Caetano Michael Caetano President , Chief Executive Officer , Secretary , Treasurer and Director ( Principal Executive Officer ) Date : May 30 , 2017 .
Telenav , Inc. principal commitments , in addition to those related to Telenav , Inc. third party content providers , consist of obligations under facility leases for office space in Santa Clara and Culver City , California ; Reston , Virginia ; Southfield , Michigan ; Chicago , Illinois ; New York , New York ; Shanghai , China ; Xi an , China ; Cluj , Romania ; Berlin , Germany ; Tokyo , Japan ; and Incheon , South Korea .
On October 18 , 2013 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company , through Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. then wholly owned subsidiary , Alta Disposal Ltd. ( formerly 1617437 Alberta Ltd. ) , an Alberta , Canada corporation , completed the acquisition of 51 % of the shares of Blue Tap Resources Inc. for total payment of CAD$466,547 .
Total return includes the change in the market price , adjusted for reinvested dividends or distributions , for the period shown on the performance graph and assumes that $ 100 was invested in LinnCo , LLC , the S P 500 Index and the Alerian MLP Index on December 31 , 2010 .
In the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 , $ 62.3 million , or 50.1 % of NantHealth , Inc. net loss of $ 124.2 million consisted of non - cash items , including a $ 49.0 million in stock - based compensation , $ 23.0 million of depreciation and amortization , a $ 7.9 million equity in net loss of a related party investment , a $ 0.5 million provision for accounts receivable bad debts , a $ 0.5 million inventory provision , and other non - cash expenses of $ 0.1 million .
As a result of ceasing to consolidate the results of NABORS INDUSTRIES LTD Completion Production Services business beginning at the time of the Merger in 2014 , NABORS INDUSTRIES LTD results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 are not directly comparable to the year ended December 31 , 2014 .
As part of the agreement , Eagle Biologics founders and Massachusetts Institute of Technology professors , Dr. Robert Langer and Dr. Alexander Klibanov , as well as other key members of the Eagle Biologics team , entered into agreements to work with Eagle to develop new formulations and solve delivery challenges with large molecule products .
Pursuant to the exchange agreement , Sandor Capital Master Fund LP exchanged the note and relinquished any and all other rights it may have pursuant to the note in exchange for 750,000 shares of Orbital Tracking Corp. s newly designated Series D Convertible Preferred Stock .
UAN supply agreement A subsidiary within LSB INDUSTRIES INC Chemical Business , Pryor Chemical Company ( PCC ) , is party to a contract with Koch Nitrogen Company , LLC ( Koch Nitrogen ) under which Koch Nitrogen agrees to purchase and distribute at market prices substantially all of the urea ammonium nitrate ( UAN ) produced at the Pryor Facility through June 30 , 2016 , but either party has an option to terminate the agreement pursuant to the terms of the contract ( PCC s required notice of termination is three months and Koch Nitrogen s required notice of termination is six months ) .
In connection with the completion of the IPO on August 11 , 2015 , in order to facilitate the disposition of equity interests in Pla - Fit Holdings held by Continuing LLC Owners affiliated with TSG , Planet Fitness , Inc. used the net proceeds received to purchase issued and outstanding Holdings Units from these Continuing LLC Owners that they received in the Reclassification .
CAPSTONE COMPANIES , INC . and its U.S. subsidiaries intend to file consolidated income tax returns .
Sequential Brands Group , Inc. fiscal year ends on December 31 .
Selected price increases introduced in mid - October 2014 and a change in concession product mix , including increased sales of higher priced non - traditional food and beverage items from MARCUS CORP increasing number of Take Five Lounges , Zaffiro s Express and Reel Sizzle outlets and Big Screen Bistros , were the primary reasons for MARCUS CORP increased average concession sales per person during the Transition Period .
As a result , FVI is required to include in gross income for U.S. federal tax purposes all of FHL and FDL s income , whether or not such income is distributed by FHL or FDL .
In 2015 , SoCalGas natural gas revenues decreased by $ 366 million ( 9 % ) to $ 3.5 billion , and the cost of natural gas decreased by $ 528 million ( 36 % ) to $ 921 million .
On June 24 , 1988 , Surge formed Challenge / Surge Inc. ( Challenge ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary to engage in the sale of electronic component products and sounding devices from established brand manufacturers to customers located principally throughout North America .
With the business focus potentially shifting the board asked for the former chief executive officer 's resignation and Mr. John Wilkes returned to his former role as chief executive .
Yanika Silina Bernadette Caspillan Yanika Silina , CFO PROMISSORY NOTE FOR VALUE RECEIVED Cell MedX Corp , ( the Borrower ) promises to pay on demand to the order of Perla Capital Inc. ( the Lender ) the sum of $ 75,000 lawful money of United States ( the Principal Sum ) together with interest on the Principal Sum from February 14 , 2017 ( Effective Date ) both before and after maturity , default and judgment at the Interest Rate as defined below .
Cellceutix CORP net losses incurred for the nine months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , amounted to $ 10.3 million and $ 9.6 million , respectively , and Cellceutix CORP had a working capital deficit of approximately $ 3.6 million and $ 1.9 million , respectively at March 31 , 2017 and June 30 , 2016 .
FBR & Co. financial results may fluctuate substantially from quarter - to - quarter and year - to - year .
Accordingly , these unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD audited consolidated financial statements as of December 31 , 2016 , which were included in RARE ELEMENT RESOURCES LTD
The credit agreement provides INVACARE CORP and certain of INVACARE CORP 's U.S , Canadian , U.K. and French subsidiaries with the ability to borrow under senior secured revolving credit , letter of credit and swing line loan facilities .
Mark A. Denien Mark A. Denien Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date : August 2 , 2017 .
Date : May 12 , 2017 By : /s/ David Z. Strickler , Jr. Chief Operating Officer , Interim Chief Financial Officer .
In April 2011 , DISH Network acquired substantially all of the assets of Blockbuster ,
IEnova is a separate legal entity , formerly known as Sempra M xico , S.A. de C.V , comprised of Sempra Energy s operations in Mexico .
Haley R. Fisackerly Haley R. Fisackerly Chairman of the Board , President , and Chief Executive Officer of Entergy Mississippi , Inc.
LIFE STORAGE LP 2017 same store results consist of only those properties that have been owned by LIFE STORAGE LP and included in LIFE STORAGE LP consolidated results since January 1 , 2016 , excluding stores not yet stabilized , the properties LIFE STORAGE LP sold in 2016 , three stores significantly impacted by flooding in 2016 , three stores significantly impacted by flooding in 2017 , and one store that LIFE STORAGE LP began to fully replace in 2017 .
We entered into a share exchange agreement ( the Initial Exchange Agreement ) pursuant to which eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp agreed to issue , 9,200,000 shares of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp unregistered common stock , $ .001 par value ( the common stock ) to the shareholders of eWellness Corporation , a Nevada corporation ( eWellness or Private Co. ) .
Revenue Armstrong Energy , Inc. coal sales revenue for the year ended December 31 , 2015 decreased by $ 80.9 million , or 18.3 % , to $ 360.9 million , as compared to $ 441.8 million for the year ended December 31 , 2014 .
The following is a summary of REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s unaudited quarterly results of operations for each of 2015 and 2014 : .
On July 14 , 2015 , ( the Note Issuance Date ) , Elite Data Services , Inc. entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement ( the SPA ) with EMA Financial , LLC ( EMA ) , whereby EMA agreed to invest $ 156,500 ( the Note Purchase Price ) in Elite Data Services , Inc. Company in exchange for a convertible promissory note ( the Note ) .
On April 5 , 2016 , in lieu of Tianjin Enternet contributing 100 % of the equity ownership of SSF to WECAST NETWORK , INC , YOD WFOE entered into VIE agreements with SSF and its legal shareholders in order to comply with PRC regulatory requirements on certain industries .
Short - term advances from the FHLB in creased by $ 4.0 million to $ 4.0 million at September 30 , 2017 from zero at September 30 , 2016 as Westbury Bancorp , Inc. used short term advances to fund a portion of Westbury Bancorp , Inc. loan growth as needed .
Mr. Rupert serves as the Executive Vice President of GCEAR II , a position he has held since February 2014 , and the Executive Vice President of GCEAR , a position he has held since June 2015 , and as President of Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. sponsor , having re - joined Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. sponsor in September 2010 .
A portion of ARES MANAGEMENT LP s operations is held through AHI , as well as corporate subsidiaries of Ares Investments , which are U.S. corporations for tax purposes .
On April 6 , 2017 , in connection with its proposed initial public offering , Antero Resources Midstream Management LLC ( ARMM ) formed Antero Midstream Partners GP LLC ( AMP GP ) , a Delaware limited liability company , as a wholly owned subsidiary , and , on April 11 , 2017 , assigned it the general partner interest in us .
In 2005 , Mr. Poling became President of Grace Davison ( one of Grace 's two operating segments at the time which included Darex ) and a Vice President of
However , COPART INC intent is to permanently reinvest these funds outside of the U.S. and COPART INC current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund COPART INC U.S. operations .
Under the Additional Agrinatural Credit Facility , HLBE agreed to make a four - year term loan in the principal amount of $ 3.5 million to Agrinatural for use by Agrinatural to repay its outstanding trade debt and provide working capital .
SJF is a subsidiary of Energy Minerals , Inc. ( EMI ) , an SJI subsidiary , which previously operated a fuel oil business .
On December 10 , 2016 , Fuse Medical , Inc. awarded Christopher C. Pratt , Fuse Medical , Inc. s former Chief Executive Officer and Chief Medical Officer , Robert H. Donehew Fuse Medical , Inc. s former Chief Operating Officer and Chairman of the Board , Dr. Randall Dei , a former Director , and Rusty Shelton , a former Director , 300,000 , 300,000 , 50,000 and 50,000 stock options , respectively .
From 1985 to 2013 , Mr. Kellow served in a number of roles with BHP Billiton , the world s largest mining company , including senior appointments as President , Aluminum and Nickel ( 2012 - 2013 ) , President , Stainless Steel Materials ( 2010 - 2012 ) , President and Chief Operating Officer , New Mexico Coal ( 2007 - 2010 ) , and Chief Financial Officer , Base Metals ( 2003 - 2007 ) .
Effective December 31 , 2015 , the Matching Contribution Employee Stock Ownership Plan was terminated and merged into the Employee Stock Ownership Plan .
Effect of Rate - making on Property - related Differences - Alliant Energy s and IPL s effective income tax rates are normally impacted by certain property - related differences at IPL for which deferred tax is not recorded in the income statement pursuant to Iowa rate - making principles .
Mr. Shaw also serves on the Board of Trustees of the University of Notre Dame and the Board of Trustees of Suburban Hospital in Bethesda , Maryland .
Achaogen Inc net losses for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 were $ 33.3 million and $ 12.2 million , respectively .
Investing Activities On February 29 , 2016 , PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust and PLS terminated that certain master spread acquisition and MSR servicing agreement that the parties entered into effective February 1 , 2013 ( the 2/1/13 Spread Acquisition Agreement ) and all amendments thereto .
AmTrust Reinsurance segment includes all business ceded to Maiden Holdings , Ltd. wholly owned subsidiary , Maiden Reinsurance Ltd. ( " Maiden Bermuda " ) from AmTrust Financial Services , Inc. ( " AmTrust " ) , primarily the AmTrust Quota Share and the European Hospital Liability Quota Share .
The non - cash income in the first nine months of 2017 materially impacted SOCIAL REALITY , Inc. results of operations and , while those securities remain outstanding , SOCIAL REALITY , Inc. may have additional non - cash income or losses in future periods that could materially affect
Omar Ishrak Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
Warrant issued to current officer : in March 2011 , for work performed in connection with the share exchange transactions and as bonus compensation , InspireMD , Inc. issued Mr. Shore , InspireMD , Inc. chief financial officer , secretary and treasurer , a five - year warrant to purchase up to 75 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $ 72 per share .
If AMAZON COM INC intent changes or if these funds are needed for AMAZON COM INC U.S. operations , AMAZON COM INC would be required to accrue or pay U.S. taxes on some or all of these undistributed earnings , and AMAZON COM INC effective tax rate would be adversely affected .
Wave Life Sciences Ltd. also provided the Pfizer Affiliate with certain piggyback registration rights for a certain period following the expiration of the lock - up period , subject to certain conditions and limitations , such that when Wave Life Sciences Ltd. propose to register Wave Life Sciences Ltd. ordinary shares for Wave Life Sciences Ltd. account , the Pfizer Affiliate will have the right to include some or all of the Pfizer Shares in such registration .
Immediately after the reverse stock split , pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated December 3 , 2014 ( i ) on December 3 , 2014 , Cytosorbents Corp changed Cytosorbents Corp state of incorporation from the State of Nevada to the State of Delaware , whereby Cytosorbents Corp merged with and into Cytosorbents Corp recently formed , wholly - owned Delaware subsidiary .
In May 2014 , the FASB issued ASU 2014 - 09 , Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which is included in the ASC in Topic 606 .
The undersigned , Steven Hill , Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , Investment Pools of Invesco PowerShares Capital Management LLC , the Managing Owner of PowerShares DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund ( the Trust ) , hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
ARCA biopharma , Inc. expect R D expense in 2017 to be higher than 2016 as ARCA biopharma , Inc. activate new clinical sites and enroll additional patients in ARCA biopharma , Inc.
COPART INC also provide vehicle remarketing services in Germany and Spain .
The consolidated net assets and results of operations of Equity One are included in the consolidated financial statements from the closing date , March 1 , 2017 through June 30 , 2017 .
As a result of the Sixth Amendment , in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States , BON TON STORES INC is required to reflect the Second Amended Revolving Credit Facility as a short - term borrowing in its balance sheet , although the outstanding balance does not mature until 2021 .
In particular , COPART INC s outside legal counsel provided COPART INC an opinion that the sales for resale to non - U.S. registered resellers should not be subject to Georgia sales and use tax .
Immediately before the effective time of merger , any and all outstanding shares of Big Time Acquisition , Inc. held by Ariel Clean Energy , Inc. were canceled , and at the closing of the Merger Agreement , Ariel issued a total of 90,000 restricted Class A common shares to the former shareholders of Big Time Acquisition , Inc. for their then outstanding shares of Big Time common stock .
The resulting foreign currency gains or losses are reported in THE s income statement and , as translated into U.S. dollars for U.S. GAAP purposes , in Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income , as a component of other income .
In connection with the Annual Report of Mexco Energy Corporation   on Form 10 - K for the year ending March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the SEC on the date hereof   , MEXCO ENERGY CORP , Nicholas C. Taylor , Chief Executive Officer and Tamala L. McComic , Chief Financial Officer of MEXCO ENERGY CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to MEXCO ENERGY CORP knowledge : .
Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. management and franchise agreements with Hilton require us and Hilton to comply with operational and performance conditions that are subject to interpretation and could result in disagreements , and Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. expect this will be true of any management and franchise agreements that Park Hotels & Resorts Inc. enter into with future third - party hotel managers or franchisors .
Previously , Mr. Connelly served as Chairman of the Audit , Finance Risk Committee of the General Partner and Enbridge Management .
Mr. Gray has served as global head of real estate for Blackstone since January 2012 and a member of the board of directors of Blackstone since February 2012 .
The rights of stockholders may be limited as SemiLEDs Corp conduct a substantial portion of SemiLEDs Corp operations in Taiwan and a substantial portion of SemiLEDs Corp assets and substantially all of SemiLEDs Corp directors and officers reside outside the United States .
Since May 2012 , Mr. Tong has served as chief executive officer of Timberwood Acquisition Corp , a blank check company seeking an acquisition target .
The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the high and low sales prices per share of Immune Design Corp. common stock as reported on The NASDAQ Global Market : .
Corporate Services - Corporate Services property included in Property , plant and equipment , net on Alliant Energy s balance sheet at December 31 , 2015 consisted primarily of computer software , the corporate headquarters building located in Madison , Wisconsin , and a new customer billing and information system for IPL and WPL , which was placed in service in 2015 .
HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA s actual future results might differ from the forward - looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10 - K for a variety of reasons , including sustained low oil and natural gas prices ; significant and sustained or additional declines in oil and natural gas prices ; a sustained weakening of demand for HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA s services ; unplanned customer suspensions , cancellations , rate reductions or non - renewals of vessel charters , vessel management contracts , or failures to finalize commitments to charter or manage vessels ; sustained or further reductions in capital spending budgets by customers ; the inability to accurately predict vessel utilization levels and dayrates ; fewer than anticipated deepwater and ultra - deepwater drilling units operating in the GoM or other regions where HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA operates ; the effect of inconsistency by the United States government in the pace of issuing drilling permits and plan approvals in the GoM or other drilling regions ; HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA s inability to successfully complete the remainder of its current vessel newbuild program on - time and on - budget , which involves the construction and integration of highly complex vessels and systems ; the inability to successfully market the vessels that HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA owns , is constructing or might acquire ; the government 's cancellation or non - renewal of the management , operations and maintenance contracts for vessels ; an oil spill or other significant event in the United States or another offshore drilling region that could have a broad impact on deepwater and other offshore energy exploration and production activities , such as the suspension of activities or significant regulatory responses ; the imposition of laws or regulations that result in reduced exploration and production activities or that increase HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA s operating costs or operating requirements ; environmental litigation that impacts customer plans or projects ; disputes with customers ; bureaucratic , administrative or operating barriers that delay vessels in foreign markets from going on - hire or result in contractual penalties or deductions imposed by foreign customers ; industry risks ; the impact stemming from the reduction of Petrobras ' announced plans for or administrative barriers to exploration and production activities in Brazil ; less than expected growth in Mexican offshore activities ; age or other restrictions imposed on HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA vessels by customers ; unanticipated difficulty in effectively competing in or operating in international markets ; less than anticipated subsea infrastructure and field development demand in the GoM and other markets affecting HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA MPSVs ; the level of fleet additions by HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA and its competitors that could result in vessel over capacity in the markets in which HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA competes ; economic and geopolitical risks ; weather - related risks ; the shortage of or the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel , when needed , including vessel personnel for active and newly constructed vessels ; any success in unionizing HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA 's U.S. fleet personnel ; regulatory risks ; the repeal or administrative weakening of the Jones Act or changes in the interpretation of the Jones Act related to the U.S. citizenship qualification ; drydocking delays and cost overruns and related risks ; vessel accidents , pollution incidents or other events resulting in lost revenue , fines , penalties or other expenses that are unrecoverable from insurance policies or other third parties ; unexpected litigation and insurance expenses ; or fluctuations in foreign currency valuations compared to the U.S. dollar and risks associated with expanded foreign operations , such as non - compliance with or the unanticipated effect of tax laws , customs laws , immigration laws , or other legislation that result in higher than anticipated tax rates or other costs or the inability to repatriate foreign - sourced earnings and profits .
Jonathan Siegel , formerly WALKER INNOVATION INC . s President , Chief Legal Officer and Secretary , was elected by the Board as Chief Executive Officer on February 3 , 2017 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Triple - S Management Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Juan J. Rom n - Jim nez , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TRIPLE - S MANAGEMENT CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Kaskad Corp. do not have any employees other than Kaskad Corp. sole officer and Director , Piotr Sibov who has no experience in Kaskad Corp. intended industry .
Ascent Solar ( Shenzhen ) Co , Ltd. is wholly owned by Ascent Solar ( Asia ) Pte . Ltd , which is wholly owned by Ascent Solar Technologies , Inc.
Although manufacturers make the initial determination whether a change to a cleared device requires a new 510(k ) clearance , VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC can not assure you that the FDA will agree with VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC decisions not to seek additional approvals or clearances for particular modifications to VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC products or that VARIAN MEDICAL SYSTEMS INC will be successful in obtaining new 510(k ) clearances for modifications .
MEDALLION FINANCIAL CORP conduct a thorough valuation analysis as described previously , and determine whether any factors give rise to a valuation different than recorded book value , including various regulatory restrictions that were established at Medallion Bank s inception , by the FDIC and State of Utah , and also by additional marketplace restrictions , such as the ability to transfer industrial bank charters .
TO Commission file number 000 - 24389 VASCO Data Security International , Inc.
Previously in May 2016 , the IPUC issued an order approving Idaho Power 's application requesting an increase of $ 11.2 million in the FCA from $ 16.9 million to $ 28.1 million , with new rates effective for the period from June 1 , 2016 to May 31 , 2017 .
Taylor Morrison Home Corp have historically experienced , and expect to continue to experience , variability in Taylor Morrison Home Corp results on a quarterly basis .
As of December 31 , 2016 , AG Mortgage Investment Trust , Inc. interest rate swap positions consisted of pay - fixed interest rate swaps .
Exhibit 32 In connection with the Annual Report of Avis Budget Group , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the period ended December 31 , 2016 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Larry D. De Shon , as Chief Executive Officer of AVIS BUDGET GROUP , INC , and David B. Wyshner , as Chief Financial Officer of AVIS BUDGET GROUP , INC , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of his knowledge : .
MOSAIC CO acquired CF 's phosphate mining and production operations in Central Florida and terminal and warehouse facilities in Tampa , Florida .
Madhukar Dayal Name : Madhukar Dayal Title : Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President .
During the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , HOUSTON AMERICAN ENERGY CORP terminated HOUSTON AMERICAN ENERGY CORP newly hired Vice President Business Development and options granted pursuant to the terms of employment expired unvested and unexercised .
Health - Right Discoveries , Inc. ( the Company ) was formed under the laws of the State of Florida on October 12 , 2011 under the name Four Plex Partners ,
From March 2013 to October 2013 , Ms. Wells served as Vice President , acting General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of LinnCo and LINN Energy , and from LinnCo s formation in April 2012 to March 2013 , she served as its Vice President , Assistant General Counsel and Corporate Secretary .
( 4 ) Mr. Burke became CANNASYS INC chief operating officer on November 1 , 2016 .
Due to the expansion of VARONIS SYSTEMS INC international business activities , any changes in the U.S. taxation of such activities may increase VARONIS SYSTEMS INC worldwide effective tax rate and adversely affect VARONIS SYSTEMS INC financial position and results of operations .
Under the Deutsche Bank credit facility , FS Energy & Power Fund has transferred from time to time cash or securities to FSEP Funding as a contribution to capital and retains a residual interest in the contributed cash or securities through FS Energy & Power Fund 's ownership of FSEP Funding .
The 51 shares were issued to Daniel Yazbeck , MyDx , Inc. s Chief Executive officer and the sole member of the Board .
Mr. Thomas Peterffy , Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. founder , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , and his affiliates beneficially own approximately 88.7 % of the economic interests and all of the voting interests in Holdings , which owns all of Interactive Brokers Group , Inc.
Until October 31 , 2015 , UNIT CORP drilling operations in Texas was conducted under Unit Drilling Texas , a subsidiary of Unit Drilling Company .
Mr. Martin received a B.S. in Business Administration - Finance from Georgetown University in May 1980 and an M.B.A. in Finance from New York University in June 1993 .
LSB INDUSTRIES INC products are installed in some of the most recognizable commercial / institutional developments in the U.S , including the West Point Military Academy , Buffet Cancer Center , BMW , NYU Medical Center , Pfizer , Rockefeller Plaza , and Trump Tower .
LINN Energy has agreed to provide to LinnCo , or to pay on LinnCo s behalf , any financial , legal , accounting , tax advisory , financial advisory and engineering fees , and other administrative and out - of - pocket expenses incurred by LinnCo , along with any other expenses incurred in connection with any public offering of shares in LinnCo or incurred as a result of being a publicly traded entity .
On May 4 , 2017 , Titan entered into a definitive agreement to sell , among other conventional assets , its general and limited partnership equity interest ( Equity Interest ) in the Partnership to Diversified ( the Purchase and Sale Agreement or PSA ) .
Exhibit 32.2 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of VWR Corporation ( the Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Gregory L. Cowan , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of VWR Corp , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ,
On December 1 , 2016 , DigitalTown , Inc. acquired all of the assets of Appointment.com .
In April 2017 , MOMENTA PHARMACEUTICALS INC , Sandoz Inc. and Actavis , or the Settling Parties , settled and signed reciprocal releases of all claims , and filed a voluntary stipulation with the District Court , pursuant to which the Settling Parties stipulated and agreed to dismiss with prejudice all claims and counterclaims among the Settling Parties , without fees or costs to any party , and with the Settling Parties waiving any and all right of appeal .
In addition , InspireMD , Inc. have distribution agreements for InspireMD , Inc. products in Uzbekistan , Canada , Venezuela , Kazakhstan , and Armenia , although InspireMD , Inc. have not yet obtained regulatory approval to sell InspireMD , Inc. products in those countries , and InspireMD , Inc. are awaiting regulatory approval to sell InspireMD , Inc. products in Russia and Malaysia .
Realized gains and losses denominated in foreign currencies are recorded in operating expenses in PROGENICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC condensed consolidated statements of operations and were not material to PROGENICS PHARMACEUTICALS INC consolidated results of operations for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 or 2016 .
Management s discussion and analysis , which follows , focuses on the factors affecting BAR HARBOR BANKSHARES s consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 , and financial condition at December 31 , 2015 , and 2014 , and where appropriate , factors that may affect future financial performance .
Antero Midstream Partners LP termination would , among other things , result in the closing of Antero Midstream Partners LP taxable year for all unitholders , which would result in us filing two tax returns for one calendar year and could result in a significant deferral of depreciation deductions allowable in computing Antero Midstream Partners LP taxable income .
On the closing of the above transaction , Mr. Gagauz , the sole officer and director of Terafox Corp , resigned in all officer capacities from Terafox Corp and Yik Kei Ong was appointed temporary Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Terafox Corp and a temporary Director of the Company .
Paul Parliament , Bravo Multinational Inc. chairman , president , chief executive officer , and director , has an indirect conflict of interest inasmuch as he has a private business relationship with GameTouch , LLC , a company controlled by one of Bravo Multinational Inc. consultants and current major stockholder , Julios Kosta , from whom Mr. Parliament purchased gaming equipment .
River City Park On May 3 , 2016 , Helpful Alliance Co formed River City Park LLC , a Virginia limited liability company of which the Company currently owns 100 % , to potentially locate , purchase , and develop a parcel of land in Virginia that Helpful Alliance Co intend to consist of at least 400 acres and be located along a river .
Andrew S. Marsh Andrew S. Marsh Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Entergy New Orleans , Inc.
In January 2015 , ClickStream Corp entered into a written consulting agreement with Michael O Hara , ClickStream Corp President and Chairman , for a two - year term pursuant to which he provides certain business and consulting services to ClickStream Corp in addition to him serving as ClickStream Corp President and Chairman .
State Bank Trust Co , Nevada , Iowa , an Iowa State Bank .
Mr. Woods joined AstroNova , Inc. in September 2012 as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and was appointed President and Chief Operating Officer on August 29 , 2013 .
Thomas E. Emmons is the Senior Vice President Corporate Services and has served in such capacity since January 2014 .
The Florida PSC 's approval of the stipulation also required ALABAMA POWER CO to file annual updates to the plan and outlined a process for approval of additional elements in the plan when they became committed projects .
The Board of Directors has further determined that Directors Thomas C. McGraw , Jim D. Black and Anthony J. Clifford , who are employed as the Chief Executive Officer , the President and the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer , respectively , of FNB BANCORP / CA/ and the Bank , are not Independent Directors .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the period ended May 31 , 2017 of HICLASST , INC , a Nevada corporation ( the " Company " ) , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report " ) , I , Patrik Wiedemann , President and Chief Financial Officer of Hiclasst , Inc. certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
TORO CO currently do not intend to repatriate this cash held by TORO CO foreign subsidiaries ; however , if circumstances changed and these funds were needed for TORO CO U.S. operations , TORO CO would be required to accrue and pay U.S. taxes to repatriate these funds .
Pursuant to the Agreement , ASTA FUNDING INC provided information requested by Mangrove to one or more of Mangrove s representatives and such representatives prepared summaries of such information ( the Summaries ) .
Condensed Consolidating Financial Information of Guarantor Subsidiaries URNA is 100 percent owned by Holdings ( Parent ) and has certain outstanding indebtedness that is guaranteed by both Parent and , with the exception of its U.S. special purpose vehicle which holds receivable assets relating to UNITED RENTALS NORTH AMERICA INC s accounts receivable securitization facility ( the SPV ) , all of URNA s U.S. subsidiaries ( the guarantor subsidiaries ) .
Receivables Purchase Agreement , dated as of January 21 , 2015 , by and between Hyundai Capital America , as seller , and Hyundai ABS Funding , LLC ( formerly known as Hyundai ABS Funding Corporation ) , as depositor ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Form 8 - K , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 23 , 2015 , File No .
Before joining Maguire , from 1994 through 1997 , Mr. Miller was an audit manager with Ernst Young LLP where he was responsible for attestation engagements for financial services and real estate companies , and he also worked on initial public offering teams for real estate investment companies going public .
In connection with such transaction , we ( i ) granted Sony home entertainment rights in territories worldwide in addition to the United States and Canada and ( ii ) issued Sony 301,231 shares of Genius Brands International , Inc.
Mr. Lakshman serves as a director of Grubhub , Inc.
On July 19 , 2016 , Robert A. Burk and Lawrence C. Ross notified the partnership of their intention to resign from the board of directors of TransMontaigne Partners L.P. general partner and the audit , compensation and conflicts committees thereof , effective July 21 , 2016 .
Most recently , as a result of his work as the Chief Executive Officer of Intelsat , Mr. McGlade gained significant leadership and operational experience , as well as knowledge about the global capital markets .
John D. Dalton , 54 , has served as vice president and controller of TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC company and TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC bank since June 2011 and as principal financial officer of TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC company and TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC bank since July 2012 .
Charles Allen , BTCS Inc. s Chief Executive Officer and Michal Handerhan , BTCS Inc. s Chief Operating Officer each purchased 1,111 April Units for $ 20,000 per executive in the April Private Placement .
Holders of tracking stock have no direct claim to the group 's stock or assets and therefore , do not own , by virtue of their ownership of a Liberty tracking stock , any equity or voting interest in a public company , such as SIRIUS XM or Live Nation , in which Liberty holds an interest and that is attributed to a Liberty tracking stock group , such as the Liberty SiriusXM Group or the Formula One Group .
In June 2013 , Hughes Satellite Systems Corp and DISH Network entered into an agreement pursuant to which DISH Network receives certain satellite services from us commencing in June 2013 on the SES-3 satellite ( the DISH 103 Service Agreement ) .
On or about June 23 , 2014 , eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp entered into a license agreement with Bistromatics Corp , to which one of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp directors is Chief Marketing Officer , pursuant to which eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp obtained a perpetual license to use the programming code created by a video management platform as a base to develop eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp telemedicine video service for a license fee of $ 20,000 due by September 30 , 2014 .
In addition , on August 8 , 2016 , Ditech Financial and NRM entered into the NRM Subservicing Agreement whereby Ditech Financial acts as subservicer for the mortgage loans whose MSR are sold by Ditech Financial to NRM under the NRM Flow and Bulk Agreement and for other mortgage loans as may be agreed upon by Ditech Financial and NRM from time to time , in exchange for a subservicing fee .
Steven K. Young Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
Independence Tax Credit Plus L.P. II ( a Delaware limited partnership ) ( the Partnership ) was organized on February 11 , 1992 and commenced its public offering on January 19 , 1993 .
In the U.K , COPART INC operate both as an agent and on a principal basis , purchasing the salvage vehicles outright from the insurance companies and reselling the vehicles for COPART INC own account .
For 2015 , Carlyle Group L.P. named executive officers were awarded bonuses , with the exception of Carlyle Group L.P. founders and Mr. Cavanagh who resigned in May 2015 .
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Wowio , Inc. and its wholly - owned subsidiary Carthay Circle Publishing .
Income tax expense , net is the estimated tax expense attributable to the net taxable income recorded by Castle Brands Inc. 60 % owned subsidiary , Gosling - Castle Partners , Inc. ( GCP ) , adjusted for changes in the deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability during the periods , and was net expense of ( $ 0.4 ) million for the three months ended December 31 , 2015 as compared to net expense of ( $ 0.3 ) million for the comparable prior - year period .
In addition to the limited circumstances in which Macquarie Infrastructure Corp Manager can be terminated under the terms of the Management Services Agreement , the Management Services Agreement provides that in circumstances where the stock ceases to be listed on a recognized U.S. exchange as a result of the acquisition of stock by third parties in an amount that results in the stock ceasing to meet the distribution and trading criteria on such exchange or market , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp Manager has the option to either propose an alternate fee structure and remain Macquarie Infrastructure Corp Manager or resign , terminate the Management Services Agreement upon 30 days written notice and be paid a substantial termination fee .
The amount of the payout under the PBUs is based upon : Ms. Brown 's PBU target share amount ; the growth in GCP Applied Technologies Inc. Adjusted EBIT over the three - year performance period ; and the value of Grace common stock on the payout date .
For the year ended December 31 , 2016 , the non - GAAP tax rate of 29.1 % is a result of 29.2 % for the quarter ended December 31 , 2016 , which excludes a non - recurring benefit of $ 8.2 million related to the release of a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets in the U.K , which is included in the U.S. GAAP tax rate , 24.2 % for the quarter ended September 30 , 2016 , and for the six months ended June 30 , 2016 , Cardtronics plc previous estimated long - term cross - jurisdictional tax rate of 32.0 % .
INSTRUCTURE INC file tax returns in the United States , the United Kingdom , Australia , the Netherlands , Hong Kong , Sweden , Brazil and various state jurisdictions .
Prior to joining Cloud Peak Energy , Ms. Carbone served as Vice President , Controller and Chief Accounting Officer for both Cool Planet Energy Systems , Inc. from 2013 to 2014 and QEP Resources , Inc. from 2010 to 2013 .
Principal Investigator : Carlos Sanabria , MD Chief Strategy Officer : Daniel Selness , RN , BA , MBA Chief Operation Officer : Cassie Erato , MSN , ACNP Director of Medical Operations : Anthony Godfrey , Pharm . D. Director of Clinical Operations : Angie Bartkus , BSN , RN MLT ( ASCP ) Director of Biometrics : Kjersten Offenbecker .
These undistributed earnings are deployed outside of the U.S. predominantly in support of the liquidity and regulatory capital requirements of CIGNA CORP foreign operations .
MARK J. BARRENECHEA Mark J. Barrenechea Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer .
On August 8 , 2016 , Summit Materials , LLC acquired the assets of Weldon Real Estate , LLC ( Weldon ) and the membership interests of Honey Creek Disp
In addition , shareholders may contact : Daryl G. Byrd , President and CEO 337.521.4003 John R. Davis , Senior Executive Vice President 337.521.4005 Internet Addresses www.iberiabank.com www.iberiabankmortgage.com www.lenderstitle.com www.utla.com www.iberiabankcreditcards.com .
Also , the contractual obligations to give the related proceeds to Covestro are accounted for on a fair value basis ( as discussed below ) unless LSB INDUSTRIES INC enter into a firm sales commitment to sell the carbon credits as discussed in Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies .
On January 31 , 2017 , Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III , Inc , through a subsidiary of the Operating Partnership , REIT III COVE LLC ( REIT III Cove ) and REIT IV COVE LLC ( REIT IV Cove ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of Lightstone Real Estate Income Trust , Inc. ( Lightstone IV ) , a real estate investment trust also sponsored by the Sponsor and a related party , collectively , the Assignees , entered into an Assignment and Assumption Agreement ( the Assignment ) with another of the Lightstone IV s wholly owned subsidiaries , REIT COVE LLC ( the Assignor ) .
In 2014 , CENTENE CORP entered the international market with CENTENE CORP investment in Ribera Salud , a Spanish health management group .
In 2015 , SWIFT ENERGY CO $ 301.5 million , or 55 % decrease in oil , NGL , and natural gas sales resulted from : .
W&T OFFSHORE INC interest in fields , leases , structures and equipment are primarily owned by the parent company , W T Offshore , Inc , and W&T OFFSHORE INC wholly - owned subsidiary , W T Energy VI , LLC .
Our management s discussion and analysis of MABVAX THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS , INC . financial condition and results of operations are based on MABVAX THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS , INC . consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) .
A hypothetical adverse change of 10 % in the June 30 , 2017 exchange rates would not have had a material impact upon CSG SYSTEMS INTERNATIONAL INC results of operations based on the monetary assets and liabilities as of June 30 , 2017 .
Critical Accounting Polices and Estimates Audentes Therapeutics , Inc. management s discussion and analysis of Audentes Therapeutics , Inc. financial condition and results of operations is based on Audentes Therapeutics , Inc. consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles , or U.S. GAAP .
Sears Domestic s operating loss in 2014 included significant items which aggregated to an operating expense of $ 87 million .
On August 1 , 2016 , Mr. Craig Marshak entered into a letter agreement with us pursuant to which he was appointed as Nukkleus Inc. director in consideration of an annual fee of $ 20,000 .
Exhibit 99.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed August 28 , 2012 .
MSG NETWORKS INC . have entered into registration rights agreements with Charles F. Dolan , members of his family , certain Dolan family interests and the Dolan Family Foundation that provide them with demand and piggyback registration rights with respect to approximately 15 million shares of Class A Common Stock , including shares issuable upon conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock .
On December 22 , 2015 , JetPay Corp entered into securities purchase agreements ( the Insider Common Stock SPAs ) with each of certain investors , including Bipin C. Shah , its Chairman and then Chief Executive Officer , Robert B. Palmer , Director and Chair of the Audit Committee , and Jonathan M. Lubert , Director .
If Mr. O Leary employment is terminated by HLYK ( unless such termination is For Cause as defined in his employment agreement ) , then upon signing a general waiver and release , Mr. O Leary will be entitled to receive his base salary and HealthLynked Corp shall maintain his employee benefits for a period of twelve ( 12 ) months beginning on the date of termination .
If these distributors experience delays in receiving necessary qualifications , clearances or approvals to market Intersect ENT , Inc. products outside the United States , or if they fail to receive those qualifications , clearances or approvals , Intersect ENT , Inc. may be unable to market Intersect ENT , Inc. products or enhancements in certain international markets effectively , or at all .
Under the ESPP , ENTELLUS MEDICAL INC has set two six - month offering periods during each calendar year , one beginning January 1 and ending on June 30 , and the other beginning July 1 and ending on December 31 , during which employees can choose to have up to 20 % of their eligible compensation withheld to purchase less than 2,000 shares of ENTELLUS MEDICAL INC s common stock during each offering period .
There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously described in Part I , Item 1A. Risk Factors included in STRAYER EDUCATION INC s Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , and in STRAYER EDUCATION INC Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 , except that STRAYER EDUCATION INC have updated three of the risk factors to reflect recent developments occurring after the filing of STRAYER EDUCATION INC Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 .
There have been no subsequent events that occurred during such period that would require disclosure in , or would be required to be recognized in , the Consolidated Financial Statements as of and for the year ended September 30 , 2017 except as discussed below : The Transaction and the New Investment Advisory Agreement with Oaktree On July 13 , 2017 , Oaktree , entered into the Purchase Agreement , with FSM , and , for certain limited purposes , FSAM , the indirect , partial owner of FSM , and Fifth Street Holdings L.P. ( FSH ) , the direct , partial owner of FSM .
CAVCO INDUSTRIES INC lease office space in Addison , Texas for CountryPlace operations and Palm Harbor administrative support services , pursuant to a lease that expires in 2023 .
From the year ended December 31 , 2012 to the year ended December 31 , 2016 , Rapid7 , Inc. revenue grew from $ 46.0 million to $ 157.4 million , which represents a compounded annual growth rate of approximately 36 % .
Moreover , if Ciner Resources LP do not ship a significant portion of Ciner Resources LP soda ash production on the Union Pacific rail line during a twelve - month period , Ciner Resources LP must pay Union Pacific a shortfall payment under the terms of Ciner Resources LP transportation agreement .
Timothy P.V. Mammen Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
In order to market and sell Immune Design Corp. products in jurisdictions outside the United States , Immune Design Corp. must obtain separate marketing approvals for those jurisdictions and comply with their numerous and varying regulatory requirements .
The amended complaint included Oliver Bialowons , SMARTHEAT INC . President , and Michael Wilhelm , SMARTHEAT INC . former Chief Financial Officer , as defendants in the proceeding though they were not officers of SMARTHEAT INC . during the alleged class period .
If KemPharm exercises its option to use ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC Aversion technology with more than the 2 prodrugs licensed , then KemPharm will pay us up to $ 1.0 million for each additional prodrug license .
Macquarie Energy North America Trading , Inc , a subsidiary of Macquarie Group Limited , entered into contracts with IMTT to lease a total of 154,000 barrels of capacity during the quarter ended June 30 , 2015 , of which the contract for 56,000 barrels expired within the same quarter .
DubLi India Private Limited , a Haryana , India company , which operates DubLi Network s global network of Business Associates in India .
On September 27 , 2017 , Salvatore Guccione , then the President and Chief Executive Officer of ACETO CORP , notified ACETO CORP of his decision to resign from ACETO CORP s Board of Directors ( the Board ) effective immediately , and the Board met and accepted his resignation .
Under the Royalty Contract , PDL received royalty payments based on a royalty rate of 9.95 % of AxoGen , Inc. s Net Revenues , subject to certain agreed upon minimum payment requirements , which were anticipated to be approximately $ 1.3 to $ 2.5 million per quarter to begin in the fourth quarter of 2014 through the third quarter of 2020 as provided in the Royalty Contract .
For purposes of the agreements with Mr. Hunt , cause means ( a ) the commission by executive of an act of dishonesty or fraud against us , ( b ) a breach of the executive s obligations under the employment agreement and failure to cure such breach within ten days after written notice from us , ( c ) executive is indicted for or convicted of a crime involving moral turpitude or ( d ) executive materially fails or neglects to diligently perform his duties and disability .
An increase in available bulk liquid terminal capacity in excess of growth in demand for such storage in the key locations in which IMTT operates , such as NYH and the Lower Mississippi River , or in Houston or other parts of the Gulf Coast could result in overcapacity and a decline in storage rates and tankage volumes rented out by IMTT and could adversely affect IMTT s revenue and profitability and the distributions it makes to us .
Mr. Wu served as chairman of Sun Media Group from 1999 to 2007 and was former director of Shanda Group , a private investment group , from 2006 to 2009 and as former co - chairman of Sina Corporation ( NASDAQ : SINA ) , a Chinese media and Internet services company , from 2001 to 2002 .
1PM Industries 's financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern , which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business .
Overview Addentax Group Corp. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 28 , 2014 and established a fiscal year - end of March 31 .
Colin Marshall has served as CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC .
WHEREAS , the Delaware GP as general partner , and the Initial Limited Partner entered into an Initial Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement dated June 17 , 2014 ( the Original Agreement ) and formed an exempted limited partnership under the laws of the Cayman Islands under the name of BPP Core Asia Associates - NQ L.P. ; and WHEREAS , the Delaware GP and the Initial Limited Partner agreed to amend and restate the Original Agreement to make certain modifications by way of an Amended and Restated Exempted Limited Partnership Agreement dated March 18 , 2015 ( the Existing Agreement ) .
TechTarget Inc core revenues declined $ 2.4 million in the quarter from ten of TechTarget Inc largest customers , as they are the ones most affected by the conditions mentioned above .
Inc. Global Solutions business , operating income increased by $ 3.2 million , or 14.3 % , to $ 25.1 million in 2015 from $ 21.9 million in 2014 , and increased as a percentage of Global Solutions revenues to 7.6 % in 2015 from 7.0 % in 2014 , primarily as a result of the factors above .
DANAHER CORP /DE/ s effective tax rate for 2017 and 2016 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35.0 % due principally to DANAHER CORP /DE/ s earnings outside the United States that are indefinitely reinvested and taxed at rates lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate .
( the Company ) , and Stephen B. Thompson , Vice President Finance of ABEONA THERAPEUTICS INC . hereby certify that to their knowledge the Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the period ended December 31 , 2016 of ABEONA THERAPEUTICS INC . filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of ABEONA THERAPEUTICS INC . for the period specified .
The Blackstone Holdings Partnerships and certain of their subsidiaries operate in the U.S. as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes and generally as corporate entities in non - U.S. jurisdictions .
Prior to Bazi , Mr. Sherman served as the Senior Manager of Network Development of Product Partners LLC from May 2008 to May 2009 , Chief Operating Officer of Hand Associates from January 2008 to May 2008 , and as the director of development and principal of Holy Innocents School from August 2007 to December 2007 .
ACTIVECARE , INC . common stock has traded on the OTCQB under the symbol " ACAR . "
Edward Wong has served on Planet Fitness , Inc. board of directors since November 2012 .
For more detailed information regarding OGLETHORPE POWER CORP financing plans , see " Item 7 MANAGEMENT 'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Financial Condition Financing Activities " in OGLETHORPE POWER CORP 2016 Form 10 - K. Credit Rating Risk .
Kirk Dove , Chief Operating Officer and President .
These pro forma results include adjustments for ( i ) amortization expense for the estimated identifiable intangible assets in the preliminary allocation of purchase price , ( ii ) the removal of historical TASC amortization expense , ( iii ) adjustments to conform TASC policies to Engility 's policies related to the timing and recognition of certain contract revenue and costs , ( iv ) the alignment of TASC s financial calendar to that of Engility s and ( v ) the removal of acquisition - related expenses incurred and recorded in each of TASC and Engility s results of operations in the year ended December 31 , 2015 , and a related adjustment to record such costs in the year ended December 31 , 2014 .
The Company entered into an employment lock - up agreement on July 1 , 2016 with Alton Perkins to serve as the Chairman of the Board , President , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer and Secretary .
In February 2008 , HNS agreed to make available to Hughes Systique a term loan facility of up to $ 1.5 million .
Depending on the final form of the BEPS guidance and the legislation ultimately enacted by the OECD members , BEPS could have material adverse consequences on Acacia Communications , Inc. effective tax rate , the amount of tax Acacia Communications , Inc. pay and on Acacia Communications , Inc. financial position and results of operations .
ICON Leasing Fund Eleven , LLC ( the LLC ) was formed on December 2 , 2004 as a Delaware limited liability company .
POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . products could become subject to additional emissions regulations under the EPA if POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . headcount exceeds threshold amounts codified under federal regulations in the U. S and the compliance cost and development timing required to support these potential additional regulations could adversely affect or operating results .
On September 30 , 2016 , Dongxing International Inc. ( the Company or Dongxing ) entered into and closed a share exchange agreement with Central Dynamic Holdings Limited ( Central Dynamic ) and its shareholders .
During the quarterly assessment of deferred tax assets for the year ended January 31 , 2015 , management determined that it was no longer probable that sufficient future taxable income would be available to allow the deferred tax assets of Sears Canada to be realized .
These increases in tax basis may increase ( for tax purposes ) depreciation and amortization and therefore reduce the amount of tax that certain of The Blackstone Group L.P. s wholly owned subsidiaries that are taxable as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes , which Blackstone Group L.P. refer to as the corporate taxpayers , would otherwise be required to pay in the future , although the IRS may challenge all or part of that tax basis increase , and a court could sustain such a challenge .
Net cash used in operating activities was $ 26.0 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 and consisted primarily of Dermira , Inc. net loss of $ 28.4 million and a $ 0.6 million increase in net operating assets , offset by $ 3.0 million in non - cash charges .
2013 property acquisition costs were primarily related to the fair value allocated to the purchase of additional interests in the Cedar Creek Anticline ( CCA ) .
Other factors that may impact Intersect ENT , Inc. quarterly results include : .
In December 2015 , Immune Design Corp. entered into a second amended and restated license agreement with IDRI , pursuant to which Immune Design Corp. license certain patent rights , know - how and technologies relating to Immune Design Corp.
Revolving Credit Facility Agreement On December 11 , 2015 , CSW INDUSTRIALS , INC . entered into a five -year $ 250.0 million revolving credit facility agreement ( Revolving Credit Facility ) , with an additional $ 50.0 million accordion feature , with JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A , as administrative agent , and the other lenders party thereto .
As of December 31 , 2016 , PENN NATIONAL GAMING INC owned , managed , or had ownership interests in twenty seven facilities in the following seventeen jurisdictions : California , Florida , Illinois , Indiana , Kansas , Maine , Massachusetts , Mississippi , Missouri , Nevada , New Jersey , New Mexico , Ohio , Pennsylvania , Texas , West Virginia , and Ontario , Canada .
Actual or anticipated fluctuations in VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC quarterly or annual operating results ; .
Overview Red Robin Gourmet Burgers , Inc , a Delaware corporation , together with its subsidiaries ( Red Robin , RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS INC , us , RED ROBIN GOURMET BURGERS
STEVEN K. YOUNG Steven K. Young Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
Mr. Morris served as president of Banner Energy from 1981 until 1988 .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates CITRIX SYSTEMS INC discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon CITRIX SYSTEMS INC condensed consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
MOSAIC CO have also set aside $ 630 million in restricted cash , included in other assets in MOSAIC CO Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31 , 2015 , which MOSAIC CO expect to be placed into trust funds in early 2016 to be used to fund future estimated costs of MOSAIC CO AROs related to MOSAIC CO Phosphates business as discussed under " EPA RCRA Initiative " in Note 20 of MOSAIC CO Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .
Selected price increases introduced in mid - October 2014 and a change in concession product mix , including increased sales of higher priced non - traditional food and beverage items from MARCUS CORP increasing number of Take Five Lounges , Zaffiro s Express outlets and Big Screen Bistros , were the primary reasons for MARCUS CORP increased average concession sales per person during fiscal 2015 , partially offset by the impact of the $ 5 Tuesday free popcorn promotion described in the Current Plans section of this MD A during the first two quarters of the year .
Thereafter , in February 2007 , DIRECTVIEW HOLDINGS INC formed DirectView Security Systems , Inc. ( DirectView Security ) and in July 2007 DIRECTVIEW HOLDINGS INC formed DirectView Video .
Certification of David H. Morton , Jr , Executive Vice President , Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Seagate Technology plc , as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
The impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of NIKE INC consolidated Revenues was a detriment of approximately $ 586 million and $ 173 million for the three months ended November 30 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively .
In 2002 , Ms. Ferrero joined Environmental Technologies as business manager for the heavy - duty diesel business and was named director of the automotive substrates business in 2003 .
These factors include , but are not limited to , regulatory developments in the U.S , Japan and other foreign countries ; FDA and similar Japanese and other foreign clearances and approvals ; approval of Cardiovascular Systems Inc products for distribution in foreign countries ; approval of products for reimbursement and the level of reimbursement in the U.S , Japan and other foreign countries ; dependence on market growth ; agreements with third parties to sell their products ; Cardiovascular Systems Inc ability to maintain third - party supplier relationships and renew existing purchase agreements ; Cardiovascular Systems Inc ability to maintain Cardiovascular Systems Inc relationship with Cardiovascular Systems Inc distribution partner in Japan ; the experience of physicians regarding the effectiveness and reliability of Cardiovascular Systems Inc products ; the reluctance of physicians , hospitals and other organizations to accept new products ; the potential for unanticipated delays in enrolling medical centers and patients for clinical trials ; actual clinical trial and study results ; the impact .
To facilitate the transaction , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into an amended and restated credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank , N.A. on April 1 , 2014 , to increase its revolving line of credit and secured a $ 5.0 million term loan to finance this acquisition .
From December 2003 to November 2005 , Mr. Holcombe served in various executive positions at Web MD , including as President of its Emdeon Business Services segment ( formerly known as WebMD Business Services ) and as President of WebMD .
As a result , if ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC earn net taxable income , ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC ability to use ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC pre - change net operating loss carry - forwards and other tax credit carryforwards to offset U.S. federal taxable income may be subject to limitations , which potentially could result in increased future tax liability to us .
ADOBE SYSTEMS INC provide U.S. income taxes on the earnings of foreign subsidiaries unless the subsidiaries earnings are considered permanently reinvested outside the United States .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT sought to develop a niche market by attaching CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT name to service line protection plans and by seeking to serve smaller facilities and systems in CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT service areas where there is less competition .
On December 10 , 2014 , Orbital Tracking Corp , through its wholly owned subsidiary , Orbital Satcom Corp , entered into a License Agreement with World Surveillance Group , Inc , and its wholly owned subsidiary , Global Telestat Corp , by which Orbital Tracking Corp. had an irrevocable non - exclusive license to use certain equipment , consisting of Appliques for a term of ten years .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Xplore Technologies Corp. ( the Company ) for the quarterly period ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Philip S. Sassower , as Chief Executive Office of XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP , and Tom Wilkinson , as Interim Chief Financial Officer of XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of each such officer s knowledge : .
I , Andrew S. Marsh , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Entergy Mississippi , Inc. ( the " Company " ) , certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
As a result of the accounting treatment for the Three Peaks transaction , interest expense included approximately $ 462,000 and $ 86,000 of non cash expense for the year s ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively , that is expected to be paid in the future based upon the terms of the Three Peaks transaction and increases in AxoGen revenues .
Such costs increased $ 1.2 million as Kite Realty Group , L.P. had terminated transaction costs of $ 2.8 million in 2016 , compared to property acquisition costs of $ 1.6 million over the same period in 2015 .
From July 2013 to May 2016 , Ms. VanLent served as a director , chair of the Audit Committee , and member of the Compensation Committee of Onconova Therapeutics , Inc , a NASDAQ - listed pharmaceuticals company ; and was as a director of Integra Life Sciences Holdings , Inc , a NASDAQ - listed medical device company , where she served as chair of the Audit Committee from 2006 to 2012 .
Ashland Financing Activities 6.50 % junior subordinated notes due 2029 In December 2016 , Hercules LLC ( Hercules ) ( formerly Hercules Incorporated ) , an indirect wholly - owned subsidiary of Ashland , repurchased , through a cash tender offer ( the Tender Offer ) , $ 182 million of the aggregate principal par value amount of its 6.50 % junior subordinated notes due 2029 ( 2029 notes ) for an aggregate purchase price of $ 177 million .
Formation Transactions Lonestar Resources US Inc. was incorporated Delaware in December 2015 for purposes of effecting Lonestar Resources US Inc. corporate reorganization , which was completed in July 5 , 2016 ( the Reorganization ) , pursuant to a Scheme Implementation Agreement ( the Scheme ) , dated December 28 , 2015 , between Lonestar Resources US Inc. and Lonestar Resources Limited ( our Predecessor ) , an Australian company and Lonestar Resources US Inc. former parent company .
Revlon Holdings agreed to indemnify Revlon , Inc. and Products Corporation against losses arising from the Excluded Liabilities , and Revlon , Inc. and Products Corporation agreed to indemnify Revlon Holdings against losses arising from the liabilities assumed by Products Corporation .
More specifically , this initial deferred tax expense is driven by ( 1 ) the recognition of deferred tax liabilities of approximately $ 462.3 million , primarily related to differences between the book and tax basis for La Quinta Holdings Inc. fixed and intangible assets and related depreciation , ( 2 ) the recognition of deferred tax assets of approximately $ 14 million primarily related to tax - only intangibles , and ( 3 ) as a result of the change in La Quinta Holdings Inc. s tax status , a tax benefit of $ 127.2 million related to the reduction in valuation allowance , primarily associated with La Quinta Predecessor Entities net operating losses and tax credits .
On October 13 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. through its wholly owned subsidiary , Orbital Satcom Corp , purchased from World Surveillance Group , Inc , and its wholly owned subsidiary , Global Telestat Corp the Globalstar license and equipment , which it had previously leased .
Any future economic downturn or recession in the global economy in general and , in particular , on the economies in China , Taiwan and other countries where ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR Ltd market and sell ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR Ltd products , will have an adverse effect on ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR Ltd results of operations .
Mississippi Power Company 2015 Annual Report Business Activities Mississippi Power Company ( the Company ) operates as a vertically integrated utility providing electricity to retail customers within its traditional service territory located within the State of Mississippi and to wholesale customers in the Southeast .
Cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31 , 2015 was $ 13.7 million , which included capital expenditures of $ 18.7 million , partially offset by $ 5.0 million of cash provided from the sale of CPI Card Group Inc. Nevada operation during the year ended December 31 , 2015 .
Under the terms of the Water Services Agreement , Antero will pay a fixed fee of $ 3.685 per barrel in West Virginia and $ 3.635 per barrel in Ohio and all other locations for fresh water deliveries by pipeline directly to the well site , subject to annual CPI adjustments .
Founded in 1882 , MatNav provides a vital lifeline of ocean freight transportation services to the domestic non - contiguous economies of Hawaii , Alaska , and Guam , and to other island economies in Micronesia .
Prior to joining Carlyle , Mr. Attwood served as Executive Vice President for Strategy , Development and Planning at Verizon Communications , Inc. from 1996 to 2000 .
( 2 ) Mr. Teel was Gulf Power 's Vice President and Chief Financial Officer until his promotion to Vice President of Fuel Services for SCS on June 1 , 2015 .
Street Capital remained a related party following the distribution of its investment in HGI to Street Capital shareholders as a result of the Services Agreement and the relationship of the chairman of the board discussed below .
The undersigned , D. Kyle Cerminara , Chief Executive Officer of Ballantyne Strong , Inc. ( the Company ) , has executed this certification in connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of BALLANTYNE STRONG , INC . s Annual Report on Form 10 - K / A for the year ended December 31 , 2016 ( the Report ) .
In August of 2015 , Wind River TRS LLC , Hatteras Financial Corp wholly owned subsidiary , acquired PAM and PLS ( together , Pingora ) .
The increase in revenue in PERKINELMER INC Discovery Analytical Solutions segment was a result of an increase of $ 32.0 million in PERKINELMER INC laboratory services market revenue , and an increase in environmental , food and industrial markets revenue of $ 9.7 million , partially offset by a decrease in life sciences market revenue of $ 14.5 million .
The Lenders are all accredited investors , certain of the Lenders are shareholders of Accelerize Inc , one of the Lenders is an affiliate of Accelerize Inc. s director , Greg Akselrud , and two of the lenders are each affiliated with a partner of Mr. Akselrud s in the law firm of Stubbs Alderton and Markiles , LLP .
Paul Strasen Name : Paul Strasen Title : President , Vice President and Secretary .
Mr. Transier brings to PARAGON OFFSHORE PLC board of directors experience and knowledge gained as an executive officer for complex international companies in the energy industry , extensive finace , accounting and restructuring expertise including experience leading the board in resolving Endeavour s 2014 Chapter 11 case which was dismissed in November 2015 upon reaching a structured settlement agreement .
Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward - looking statements include the failure to receive material orders , failure to diversify the industries in which FORWARD INDUSTRIES INC sell FORWARD INDUSTRIES INC products , potential imposed tariffs or other restrictions placed on Chinese imports by the U.S. government , and continued pricing pressure on FORWARD INDUSTRIES INC products .
Since the Spin - off , Hughes Satellite Systems Corp have entered into certain satellite service agreements pursuant to which DISH Network receives satellite services on certain satellites owned or leased by us .
and ( No . 333 - 196720 ) on Form S-3 of eMagin Corporation and subsidiary of EMAGIN CORP report dated March 17 , relating to EMAGIN CORP audit of the consolidated financial statements , which appears in the Annual Report on Form 10 - K of eMagin Corporation for the year ended December 31 , 2015 .
Extensive regulation in the United States and abroad affects Carlyle Group L.P. activities , increases the cost of doing business and creates the potential for significant liabilities and penalties .
I , Michael N. Kennedy , Chief Financial Officer of Antero Midstream Partners LP , certify that : .
Under the Registration Rights Agreements , LinnCo , LLC agreed to use its reasonable efforts to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and cause to become effective a registration statement relating to an offer to issue new notes having terms substantially identical to the Second Lien Notes in exchange for outstanding Second Lien Notes within 370 days after the notes were issued .
Amount and Nature of Title of Class Name of Beneficial Owner Beneficial Ownership ( 1 ) Percent of Class Common Josh Turner 1,500,000 78.80 % 4764 South 900 East Salt Lake City , UT Common Michelle Turpin 4764 South 900 East Salt Lake City , UT 143,678 7.55 % Name of Officer , Director Amount and Nature of Title of Class and Nominee Beneficial Ownership ( 1 ) Percent of Class Common Alex Demitriev 21,300 1.1 % Common Josh Turner See Above Common All Officers and Directors as a Group 1,521,300 79.92 % ( 1 ) Ms. Turpin owns 110,000 directly and through her management and ownership of Micvic , LLC is beneficially deemed to own the 33,678 shares held by Micvic , LLC .
IDT CORP subsidiary , IDT Telecom , Inc , entered into a credit agreement , dated July 12 , 2012 , with TD Bank , N.A. for a line of credit facility for up to a maximum principal amount of $ 25.0 million .
Consolidated Subsidiary Fund : On September 19 , 2016 , the Fund formed TCW Direct Lending Strategic Luxembourg VI S.r.l , ( the Luxembourg Company ) a private limited liability company under the laws of Luxembourg , of which the Fund owns 81.6 % of the membership interests .
Jounce Therapeutics , Inc. bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by Jounce Therapeutics , Inc. stockholders , which could limit Jounce Therapeutics , Inc. stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or Jounce Therapeutics , Inc. directors , officers or employees .
Underberg has been an attorney with Kodak for over 26 years , previously serving as Deputy General Counsel and Vice President , Legal Department from September 2014 to January 2015 , and as Assistant General Counsel and Vice President , Legal Department , from June 2006 until September 2014 .
Mr. LeBlanc served as the acting chief financial officer and vice president of corporate development for Ebest , Inc , a privately held applications software company , from February 2001 to September 2003 .
PPG s fiber glass operations included manufacturing facilities in Chester , South Carolina , and Lexington and Shelby , North Carolina ; and administrative and research - and - development operations in Shelby and in Harmar , Pennsylvania , near Pittsburgh .
On February 25 , 2016 , Crescent Capital BDC , Inc. formed Crescent Capital BDC Funding , LLC ( CBDC SPV ) , a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary .
Before joining CR Intrinsic Investors , Mr. Cerminara was a Vice President , Associate Portfolio Manager and Analyst at T. Rowe Price from 2001 to 2007 and an Analyst at Legg Mason from 2000 to 2001 .
Concurrent with the closing of the acquisition , Alta Disposal entered into a unanimous shareholders and management agreement ( the Shareholders Agreement ) dated October 18 , 2013 with Excel Petroleum Ltd. ( which holds 49 % of Alta Disposal Morinville ) and Alta Disposal Morinville itself .
On March 11 , 2014 and as amended on July 18 , September 3 , 2014 , on September 5 , 2014 and again on December 31 , 2015 , Algae Dynamics Corp. entered into a consulting agreement with Connectus Inc. ( the Agreement ) to assist and advise Algae Dynamics Corp. in matters concerning corporate finance and Algae Dynamics Corp. s current and proposed financing activities for the period commencing April 1 , 2014 and ending December 31 , 2014 .
Under the E175 agreement , SkyWest Airlines began service in May 2014 and 40 E175 aircraft had been d elivered as of December 31 , 2015 .
Granite Falls Energy , LLC agreed to pay CoBank an annual fee of $ 2,500 as the agent for Ag Star .
Mr. Jackson joined DPL in 2004 and has held various positions of increasing responsibility in the finance and accounting organizations at DPL .
Daniel H. Bley is Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer of Webster and Webster Bank since August of 2010 .
Subscribed and sworn to before me by George D. Milligan , as President of The Graham Group , Inc , and Charles R. Taylor , as Secretary of The Graham Group , Inc , on this 11 th day of April , 2017 .
Ms. Calder has been with Navy Federal Credit Union for over 24 years , serving in previous positions as Vice President of Consumer and Credit Card Lending , Vice President of Collections , Vice President of Call Center Operations , and Assistant Vice President of Credit Cards .
For example , Ominto , Inc. used a first - to - market strategy in Denmark , Germany , Russia , Switzerland , Austria and Spain and Ominto , Inc. leveraged direct referrals from Ominto , Inc. BAs .
Note 3 Discontinued Operations During 2011 , VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC wholly - owned Dutch subsidiary , DigiNotar B.V , was declared bankrupt .
Mark A. DiBlasi Mark A. DiBlasi President and Chief Executive Officer .
On March 2 , 2016 , Agritech Worldwide , Inc. issued a 14 % senior unsecured note to Jonathan Kahn , Agritech Worldwide , Inc. s current Chief Executive Officer , interim Chief Financial Officer and member of the Board of Directors in the principal amount of $ 100,000 .
This Phase 1 clinical trial is anticipated to enroll approximately 50 patients and is being conducted at the Washington University School of Medicine s Division of Oncology under the direction of Andrea Wang - Gillam , M.D , Ph . D , Clinical Director of the Gastrointestinal Oncology Program .
Exhibit 24.41 THESE PRESENTS that I , Michael D. Sullivan , do hereby appoint Calvin G. Butler , Jr. and Daniel P. Gahagan , or either of them , attorney for me and in my name and on my behalf to sign the annual Securities and Exchange Commission report on Form 10 - K for 2016 of Baltimore Gas Electric Company , together with any amendments thereto , to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission , and generally to do and perform all things necessary to be done in the premises as fully and effectually in all respects as I could do if personally present .
On November 18 , 2016 , EOS INC . has set up a wholly - owned subsidiary in Taiwan to assist EOS INC . to promote the business in Taiwan .
On February 18 , 2016 , NUTRACEUTICAL INTERNATIONAL CORP acquired certain operating assets of Aubrey Organics , Inc.
This risk of increased trade barriers or charges has become more pronounced following the results of the recent U.S. presidential election , as the trade policies of the current U.S. presidential administration , including withdrawal from the Trans - Pacific Partnership and proposed revision to the North American Free Trade Agreement , could threaten or otherwise have a significant negative effect on NETLIST INC ability to continue to conduct NETLIST INC international operations in the manner and at the costs as NETLIST INC have in the past .
limitations imposed on Colony Starwood Homes business and Colony Starwood Homes ability to satisfy complex rules in order for us and , if applicable , certain of Colony Starwood Homes subsidiaries to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes and the ability of certain of Colony Starwood Homes subsidiaries to qualify as taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRSs ) for U.S. federal income tax purposes , and Colony Starwood Homes ability and the ability of Colony Starwood Homes subsidiaries to operate effectively within the limitations imposed by these rules ; and .
Long - term Debt In July 2015 , CEMPRA , INC . entered into a Loan and Security Agreement ( the Loan and Security Agreement ) with Comerica Bank ( Comerica ) .
The pro forma information is based on Nobilis Health Corp. s consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
PowerShares DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund , Andrew Schlossberg , Principal Executive Officer , and Steven Hill , Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , Investment Pools , of the Managing Owner , assessed the effectiveness of the Fund s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31 , 2015 .
Certificates of deposit and other time deposits in creased $ 38.1 million , or 26.0 % , to $ 184.6 million at September 30 , 2017 from $ 146.5 million at September 30 , 2016 as Westbury Bancorp , Inc. increased Westbury Bancorp , Inc. exposure to municipal and school district deposits while Westbury Bancorp , Inc. de creased Westbury Bancorp , Inc. use of internet - listing service deposits by $ 2.6 million to $ 51.3 million at September 30 , 2017 from $ 53.9 million at September 30 , 2016 .
Vista Outdoor Inc. entered into a Tax Matters Agreement with Orbital ATK that governs the respective rights , responsibilities and obligations of Vista Outdoor and Orbital ATK after the distribution of all of the shares of Vista Outdoor Inc. common stock on a pro rata basis to the holders of Alliant Techsystems Inc. common stock ( the Spin - Off ) with respect to tax liabilities and benefits , tax attributes , tax contests and other tax sharing regarding U.S. federal , state , local and foreign income taxes , other tax matters and related tax returns .
Credit Facility On October 28 , 2014 , Rosetta Stone Ltd. ( RSL ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of parent company Rosetta Stone Inc , executed a Loan and Security Agreement with Silicon Valley Bank ( Bank ) to obtain a $ 25.0 million revolving credit facility ( the credit facility ) .
Mr. O Boyle served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Advanced BioHealing , Inc. from December 2010 until June 2011 when it was acquired .
If IMMUNOMEDICS INC common stock was to be traded on the OTC Bulletin Board , the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , and related SEC rules would impose additional sales practice requirements on broker - dealers that sell IMMUNOMEDICS INC securities .
In connection with the Annual Report of Security National Financial Corporation ( the " Company " ) on Form 10 - K for the period ending December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , I , Scott M. Quist , Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of my knowledge and belief : .
The Legacy Hay operating loss of $ 29.2 million included integration / acquisition costs of $ 8.2 million and restructuring charges of $ 20.5 million .
Exhibit 32.1 Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Nasdaq , Inc. ( the Company ) for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Adena T. Friedman , as President and Chief Executive Officer of NASDAQ , INC , and Michael Ptasznik , as Executive Vice President , Corporate Strategy and Chief Financial Officer of NASDAQ , INC , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of her or his knowledge : ( 1 )
In connection with the Closing , DTHERA SCIENCES issued an aggregate of 77,377,713 pre - split/ 15,477,604 post - split shares to the EveryStory shareholders , and 21,942,062 pre - split/4,388,997 post - split shares were issued to the holders of EveryStory convertible debt instruments , and the parties to the A R Agreement understand and anticipate that all such holders would exercise and convert their securities into the reserved shares of DTHERA SCIENCES .
Paul W. Nester Paul W. Nester Vice President , Secretary , Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
Ted T. Timmermans . Ted T. Timmermans . Vice President , Controller and Chief Accounting Officer .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Monmouth Real Estate Investment Corporation ( the Company ) quarterly period ended December 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Michael P. Landy , as President and Chief Executive Officer of MONMOUTH REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT CORP , and Kevin Miller , as Chief Financial Officer , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ( section ) 1350 , as adopted pursuant to ( section ) 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of their knowledge : .
All of Turning Point Brands , Inc. tobacco products sold in the U.S. are now regulated by the FDA .
Net cash flow provided by operating activities for the six months ended June 30 , 2016 primarily reflected the add - back of non - cash items , consisting of depreciation of approximately $ 3,303,000 , increase in reserve for inventories of approximately $ 2,801,000 , and changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily consisting of a significant decrease in accounts receivable of approximately $ 9,347,000 mainly due to the collections made in the first half of 2016 , a decrease in advances to suppliers of approximately $ 300,000 , a decrease in prepaid expenses related parties of approximately $ 1,790,000 , an increase in accounts payable related parties of approximately $ 1,345,000 , and an increase in accrued liabilities and other payables of approximately $ 509,000 , offset by Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. net loss of approximately $ 10,001,000 , and changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily consisting of an increase in inventories of approximately $ 7,696,000 mainly due to the increase in frozen fish and marine catches in transit of approximately $ 5.6 million and the increase in fish and marine catches in warehouse of approximately $ 2.0 million in order to satisfy Pingtan Marine Enterprise Ltd. customers demand .
Continued government and public emphasis on environmental , health and safety issues in the U.S , Canada , China , Brazil , Paraguay and other countries where MOSAIC CO operate can be expected to result in requirements that apply to us and MOSAIC CO operations that are more stringent than those that are described above and elsewhere in this report .
$ 3 million decrease at Sempra South American Utilities primarily due to foreign currency effects , offset by higher revenues associated with the transfer of certain non - regulated customers from Chilquinta Energ a. Those revenues were included in Electric Revenues in prior years ; offset by .
The following table summarizes Sutherland Asset Management Corp s RSU and RSA activity for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 : .
Upon the closing of the Bright House Transaction , Mr. Thomas Rutledge , CHARTER COMMUNICATIONS , INC . /MO/ s CEO , became the chairman of the board of Charter .
On July 22 , 2013 , the board of directors authorized the issuance of 750,000 common stock options to Keith White , Ambient Water Corp s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer , Jeff Stockdale , Ambient Water Corp 's President and Chief Operating Officer , and Jeff Mitchell , Ambient Water Corp 's Chief Financial Officer and Secretary , collectively 2,250,000 common stock options .
In addition , in February 2013 , as last updated in August 2015 , OphthaliX , Inc. obtained a formal letter from Can - Fite stating that Can - Fite agrees to defer the payments under the Services Agreement from January 31 , 2013 for the performance of the clinical trials of CF101 in ophthalmic indications until the completion of a fundraising by OphthaliX , Inc. that will allow such payments .
As of December 31 , 2016 and 2015 , WORLD HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS , INC . had $ 48,491 and $ 7,067 , respectively , included in Due to affiliates in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets that is due to a stockholder and consultant of WORLD HEALTH ENERGY HOLDINGS , INC . for amounts paid to certain vendors for services rendered .
Julian Bott Julian Bott Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
Mr. Vincent served as a director of Swift Energy from May 2005 and as President of SWIFT ENERGY CO from November 2004 until his retirement .
The Trump administration has released a memorandum that generally delayed all pending regulations from publication in the Federal Register pending their review and approval by a department or agency head appointed or designated by President Trump , and has issued an executive order that calls for a comprehensive review of Dodd - Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( Dodd - Frank ) .
Exhibit 99.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed February 13 , 2014 .
On March 3 , 2015 , Ms. Shank completed her role as acting chief executive officer of SIEBERT FINANCIAL CORP to devote full time to her continuing position as chief executive officer of SBSF .
As of March 31 , 2017 , MIRAGEN THERAPEUTICS , INC . had an accumulated deficit of $ 74.1 million .
NORTHWEST INDIANA BANCORP brand , You First Banking , is all about creating value for NORTHWEST INDIANA BANCORP stakeholders : NORTHWEST INDIANA BANCORP customers , NORTHWEST INDIANA BANCORP employees , NORTHWEST INDIANA BANCORP communities , and NORTHWEST INDIANA BANCORP shareholders .
Chairman RSU Award : PURE BIOSCIENCE , INC . granted Mr. Pfanzelter an award consisting of five hundred thousand ( 500,000 ) RSUs .
In addition , Ocwen formed CRL , OCWEN FINANCIAL CORP wholly - owned captive reinsurance subsidiary , and entered into a quota share re - insurance agreement effective in 2016 with a third - party insurer related to coverage on foreclosed real estate properties owned or serviced by us .
The FCC could review TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . s compliance with applicable U.S. law in connection with its consideration of TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . s renewal applications for licenses to operate the broadcast stations TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . owns .
Each of Messrs. Hoffler , Haddad and Kirk , Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. Executive Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board , respectively , were parties to or had interests in contribution agreements with us pursuant to which Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. acquired interests in Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. properties and assets .
In 2013 , Street Capital announced its plan to dispose of its interest in HGI , and on March 20 , 2014 , Street Capital declared a dividend in kind , consisting of Street Capital s distribution of its majority interest in HGI to Street Capital shareholders .
Mr. Rios is co - founder and managing director of Wenzi Capital Partners , a venture capital and private equity firm .
CPI Card Group Inc. common stock has been listed on the NASDAQ under the symbol PMTS , and the TSX under the symbol PNT since October 9 , 2015 .
SEARS HOLDINGS CORP are pleased to extend to you SEARS HOLDINGS CORP offer to join Sears Holdings Corporation ( SHC ) as President , Fulfillment , Supply Chain Sourcing , reporting to Edward Lampert , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
Grace distributed to its stockholders one share of GCP common stock , par value $ 0.01 per share , for each share of Grace common stock , par value $ 0.01 per share outstanding as of 5:00 p.m. on January 27 , 2016 , the record date for the Distribution .
The functional currency of LIVEPERSON INC wholly - owned Israeli subsidiaries , LivePerson Ltd. ( formerly HumanClick Ltd. ) and Kasamba Ltd , is the U.S. dollar ; the functional currency of LIVEPERSON INC operations in the United Kingdom is the British Pound ; the functional currency of LIVEPERSON INC operations in the Netherlands , Germany , Italy and France is the Euro ; the functional currency of LIVEPERSON INC operations in Australia is the Australian Dollar ; and the functional currency of LIVEPERSON INC operations in Japan is the Japanese Yen .
Any determination to pay dividends to holders of CPE Inc. s common stock in the future will be at the discretion of CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC .
Atlas Energy Group , LLC production revenues were lower in the six months ended June 30 , 2017 as a result of a $ 99.9 million decrease in ARP s revenues due to the deconsolidation of ARP as of July 27 , 2016 , which affects the comparability of the periods presented , and a $ 2.2 million decrease in AGP s revenues attributable to production from AGP s Eagle Ford operations , primarily related to two wells turned in line in the prior period resulting in lower volumes as a result of natural production decline in the current period .
Results from the quarters ended March 31 , 2015 , September 29 , 2015 and December 29 , 2015 include the impact of significant impairments described elsewhere in this report and these impairments may or may not impact NOODLES & Co results in future quarters .
Segment Reporting Neff Corp 's operations consist of the rental and sale of equipment , and parts and services in five regions in the United States : Florida , Atlantic , Central , Southeastern and Western .
ProAssurance s results for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31 , 2017 .
relatives of Richard Paulin , who was employed by The Hillman Group Canada ULC until his retirement effective April 30 , 2017 , and the owner of the properties under the other two leases is a company which is owned by Richard Paulin and certain of his relatives .
For 201 5 , 2014 and 201 3 , INSTRUCTURE INC net losses were $ 53.0 million , $ 41.4 million and $ 22.5 million , respectively , as INSTRUCTURE INC focused on growing INSTRUCTURE INC business .
DBCS agreed to transfer and sell to Invesco all of DBCS interest in the PowerShares DB Base Metals Fund ( the Fund ) , including the sole and exclusive power to direct the business and affairs of the Fund , as well as certain other assets pertaining to the management of the Fund , pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement ( the Transaction ) .
The increase in average daily production volumes in the Hugoton Basin region primarily reflects the impact of the properties received in the exchange with Exxon Mobil Corporation and its affiliates , including its wholly owned subsidiary XTO Energy Inc. ( Exxon XTO ) on August 15 , 2014 , and the acquisition of properties from Pioneer Natural Resources Company ( Pioneer and the acquisition , the Pioneer Assets Acquisition ) on September 11 , 2014 .
( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended January 30 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , I , Michael J. Hartshorn , as Chief Financial Officer of ROSS STORES INC , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ( Section 906 ) , that , to the best of my knowledge : .
Net cash used in operating activities during 2014 primarily reflected INSTRUCTURE INC net loss of $ 41.4 million , offset by non - cash expenses that included $ 8.2 million in stock - based compensation , $ 2.6 million for the change in warrant liability , and $ 2.1 million of depreciation and amortization .
On March 1 , 2017 , Civitas Solutions , Inc. acquired the assets of Rainbow ADH for $ 24.6 million .
SKYWEST INC reclassified $ 15.0 million of operating revenue , $ 8.5 million of depreciation expense , $ 4.9 million of interest expense , $ 1.6 million of segment profit , $ 527.0 million of total assets and $ 535.5 million of capital expenditures ( including non - cash ) from the SkyWest Airlines segment to the SkyWest Leasing segment for the year ended December 31 , 2014 to reflect the respective E175 activity in the SkyWest Leasing segment for 2014 .
IMMUNOMEDICS INC are heavily dependent upon the talents of Dr. David M. Goldenberg , IMMUNOMEDICS INC Chairman of the Board , Chief Scientific Officer , and Chief Patent Officer , and Ms. Cynthia L. Sullivan , IMMUNOMEDICS INC President and Chief Executive Officer , as well as certain other key personnel .
As of December 31 , 2016 , CF Industries Holdings , Inc. have recorded a deferred income tax liability of approximately $ 27 million , which reflects the additional U.S. and foreign income taxes that would be due upon the repatriation of the accumulated earnings of CF Industries Holdings , Inc. non - U.S. subsidiaries that are considered to not be permanently reinvested .
On November 10 , 2017 , Steadfast Income REIT , Inc , BREIT Steadfast MF JV LP , or the Joint Venture , BREIT Steadfast MF Parent LLC , or BREIT LP , and BREIT Steadfast MF GP LLC , or BREIT GP , and together with BREIT LP , BREIT , executed a Contribution Agreement whereby Steadfast Income REIT , Inc. agreed to contribute a portfolio of 20 properties owned by us to the Joint Venture in exchange for a combination of cash and a 10 % ownership interest in the Joint Venture .
Boyd E. Hoback has served as Good Times Restaurants Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of Good Times Restaurants Inc. Board of Directors since December 1992 and has been in the restaurant business since the age of 16 .
On October 10 , 2013 ONE Group executed a Transfer Agreement in which it purchased the remaining 49.99 % interest in TOG UK from the previous minority stockholders in exchange for membership interest in ONE Group .
The decrease was primarily related to a decrease of $ 4.1 million in cost of sales related to CPI Card Group Inc. Petersfield , U.K. operation , shut down in August 2015 , as discussed above and decreases related to
Robert McKeracher Robert McKeracher Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) March 9 , 2016 .
Art P. Beattie Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Age 61 Elected in 2010 .
Immediately after the reverse stock split , on December 3 , 2014 Cytosorbents Corp changed Cytosorbents Corp state of incorporation from the State of Nevada to the State of Delaware pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger , dated December 3 , 2014 , whereby Cytosorbents Corp merged with and into Cytosorbents Corp recently formed , wholly - owned Delaware subsidiary .
Mr. Bense is a partner in several companies involved in road building , mechanical contracting , insurance , general contracting , golf courses , and farming .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Regis Corporation ( the Registrant ) on Form 10 - Q for the fiscal quarter ending December 31 , 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , Daniel J. Hanrahan , President and Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant , and Michael C. Pomeroy , Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Robert P. Fishman became Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in April 2016 , and served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in from March 2010 to April 2016 .
From 1993 to 2000 , Mr. Plain served as the President and Chief Executive Officer at Perclose , Inc , a medical device company .
The revenue and earnings of Herder from the date of acquisition to December 31 , 2015 were not material to ALAMO GROUP INC s consolidated results of operations .
In January 2015 , in connection with the credit agreement entered into in March 2015 ( see Note 7 ) , FlexShopper 1 , LLC and FlexShopper 2 , LLC were organized as wholly owned Delaware subsidiaries of FlexShopper , LLC to conduct operations .
Potential regulatory changes or drought conditions may impact CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT ability to serve CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT current and future customers demand for water and CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT financial results .
The increase was also due in part to a $ 1.3 million increase in cloud infrastructure fees to support the staging and development of TWILIO INC products , a $ 1.0 million increase related to software licenses , a $ 0.8 million increase in outsourced engineering services , a $ 0.8 million increase in facilities expenses to accommodate TWILIO INC headcount growth , a $ 0.7 million increase in amortization expense related to TWILIO INC internal - use software and acquired intangible assets , a $ 0.4 million increase in other professional fees and a $ 0.4 million increase related to employee travel .
Blackstone Group L.P. have agreed that TUEF , and certain entities affiliated with TUEF , will not be required to pay Blackstone a management fee for managing the Schwarzman Endowment Fund and , to the extent Blackstone allocates and invests assets of the Schwarzman Endowment Fund in Blackstone Group L.P. funds , which may take the form of funded or unfunded general partner commitments to Blackstone Group L.P. investment funds , Blackstone Group L.P. anticipate that such investments will be subject to reduced or waived management fees and/or carried interest .
Mr. Frenette has served on the Board of Trustees of Signature Healthcare Brockton Hospital , since 1999 , as well as on the Boards at the Old Colony YMCA since 1993 .
Intersect ENT , Inc. perform substantially all of Intersect ENT , Inc. research and development , manufacturing and commercialization activity and maintain all Intersect ENT , Inc. raw material and finished goods inventory in a single location in Menlo Park , California .
MOSAIC CO have included additional discussion about permitting for MOSAIC CO phosphate mines in Florida under Environmental , Health , Safety and Security Matters Operating Requirements and Impacts Permitting in MOSAIC
AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS INC were incorporated on December 15 , 2014 and soon thereafter acquired AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS INC business plan from AMERICAN REBEL HOLDINGS INC founder and president , Mr. David Estus .
Mr. Gebbia is currently the CEO and a Director of StockCross . Item .
In addition , Robert C. Lieber , Resource Capital Corp. 's Chief Executive Officer and President , is an executive managing director of both C - III and Island Capital .
The effective tax rate for 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 differed from the federal statutory rate primarily due to the effects of the non - controlling interest in the previously owned SpringCastle Portfolio and state income taxes .
On March 28 , 2017 , President Trump signed an executive order directing EPA to review the CPP and determine whether to suspend , revise or rescind the rule .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT responsibility is to express an opinion on CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT s internal control over financial reporting based on CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT audit .
In April 2014 , Intersect ENT , Inc. entered into an agreement with Hovione Inter Ltd , or Hovione , pursuant to which Intersect ENT , Inc. are required to purchase 80 % of Intersect ENT , Inc. API from Hovione , in quantities to be specified in 12 - month forecasts provided by us and updated on a quarterly basis .
On February 2 , 2016 , SCS filed an Application for Emergency Arbitrator and Interim Measures of Protection and requested the following relief : ( a ) expedite discovery prior to the constitution of the arbitral tribunal ; ( b ) provide that the time period permitted by the parties arbitration agreement for the selection of the arbitrators and the filing of any responsive pleadings or counterclaims be accelerated ; ( c ) require Tullow , as the designated operator under the JOA , to maintain existing well - planning activities ( d ) require Tullow to undertake and complete certain planning activities ; and ( e ) require Tullow and Dana to join with SCS in completing the negotiation of an acceptable amendment to the PSC and to agree to a process that will result in the execution of the amendment .
Williams Retention Agreement Mr. Williams employment was terminated on January 1 , 2016 and he received payments pursuant to a Retention and Release Agreement ( the Williams Retention Agreement ) entered into with HRG GROUP , INC . in August 2015 .
The loss was mainly due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Brazilian Real on significant U.S. dollar - denominated payables held by MOSAIC CO Brazilian subsidiaries .
The increase in net cash used in operating activities was primarily attributable to 1 ) increase of approximately $ 14.0 million of accounts receivable as KIWA BIO - TECH PRODUCTS GROUP CORP . strategy is to gain market shares in the bio - fertilizer market by extending credit to KIWA BIO - TECH PRODUCTS GROUP CORP customers ; 2 ) increase of approximately $ 1.1 million of advance to suppliers as KIWA BIO - TECH PRODUCTS GROUP CORP need to secure current market price of raw materials purchases as KIWA BIO - TECH PRODUCTS GROUP CORP are anticipating the raw materials price is on the rise in the near future ; 3 ) increase of approximately $ 10.0 million of deferred cost of goods sold offset by 4 ) increase of approximately $ 7.6 million of accounts payable as KIWA BIO - TECH PRODUCTS GROUP CORP have increased KIWA BIO - TECH PRODUCTS GROUP CORP purchases to fulfill more sales orders in the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 5 ) increase of approximately $ 14.7 million of deferred revenue .
Until April 2014 , Mr. MacLellan was Chairman and chief executive officer at Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation .
ITEX CORP discussion and analysis of ITEX CORP financial condition and results of operations is based on ITEX CORP consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ( GAAP ) .
Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co have not provided U.S. taxes for all foreign earnings because Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co plan to reinvest some of those earnings indefinitely outside the U.S. For the three and six months ended April 30 , 2017 , Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co recorded $ 506 million and $ 471 million of net income tax charges , respectively , related to various items discrete to the period .
Kraig Biocraft Laboratories , Inc financing activities resulted in cash inflow of $ 750,000 for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , which is represented by $ 750,000 proceeds from issuance of common stock .
All activity for the period from March 24 , 2014 ( inception ) through December 31 , 2015 relates to WL Ross Holding Corp. s formation , initial public offering ( Public Offering ) described below and efforts directed toward locating a suitable Business Combination .
Organization Nature of Operations Hornbeck Offshore Services , Inc , or HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA , was incorporated in the state of Delaware in 1997 .
At December 31 , 2015 , MB Bancorp Inc held no stock in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , nor have MB Bancorp Inc held stock in these entities throughout the periods presented .
Amount excludes AICP payments executive officers may receive under certain circumstances in the discretion of the Grace Compensation Committee as described below under -Termination and Change - in - Control Arrangements .
PTC INC . have not provided for U.S. income taxes or foreign withholding taxes on foreign unrepatriated earnings as it is PTC INC . current intention to permanently reinvest these earnings outside the U.S. unless repatriation can be done with no significant tax cost , with the exception of a foreign holding company formed in 2014 and PTC INC . Taiwan subsidiary .
Entegris Minnesota was incorporated in June 1999 to effect the business combination of Fluoroware , Inc , which began operating in 1966 , and EMPAK , Inc , which began operating in 1980 .
To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc. and subsidiaries Cudahy , Wisconsin .
ALCO , Inc. ( ALCO , ALCO , INC , us , the Company ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on June 7 , 1999 under the name Sea Horse , Inc.
Mr. Malone was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The York Group , Inc.
In December 2015 , SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC acquired a 26.3 % interest in Zipnosis , Inc. for $ 7.0 million .
If LinnCo , LLC s share of LINN Energy s losses reduces its investment in LINN Energy to zero , LinnCo , LLC temporarily discontinues applying the equity method .
S. W. Connally , Jr. Chairman , President , and Chief Executive Officer of Gulf Power Age 46 Elected in 2012 .
The SCCG notes are secured by TVA s lease payments , and the SHLLC notes are secured by SHLLC s investment in , and amounts receivable from , SCCG .
Effective July 1 , 2016 , RREEF Property Trust , Inc. and the Operating Partnership terminated the amended and restated dealer manager agreement , dated as of January 26 , 2016 , with SC Distributors , Inc.
Michael N. Mears Michael N. Mears , principal executive officer .
Attest : /s/ Richard A. Montfort , Jr. Richard A. Montfort , Jr. General Counsel and Secretary .
As of June 30 , 2017 , Fifth Street Finance Corp. investment in SLF JV I consisted of LLC equity interests of $ 13.2 million , at fair value , and Class A mezzanine secured deferrable floating rate notes and Class B mezzanine secured deferrable fixed rate notes of approximately $ 101.0 million and $ 26.6 million , at fair value , respectively .
Orbital Tracking Corp. intend to establish an audit committee of the Board of Directors once Orbital Tracking Corp. have satisfied the other initial listing standards for listing Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market or another national exchange .
Mr. Bertoli served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of MB Ingenia SRL ( Italy ) , a private company , until November 2013 .
Prior to that , Ms. Cheng served from 2004 to 2008 as an auditor with PricewaterhouseCoopers , an international firm of certified public accountants .
On June 18 , 2017 , Mr. Thomas DeNunzio resigned as AIS Holdings , Inc. Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , President , Director , Secretary , and Treasurer , such resignation of which was effective ten days after the filing and mailing of an Information Statement required by Rule 14f-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended .
SEI INVESTMENTS CO 's interest in the net assets of Gao Fu as of December 31 , 2014 is reflected in Investment in unconsolidated affiliates on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet .
Mr. Wu serves as a director of Seven Star Works Co Ltd ( KOSDAQ:121800 ) and served as a director of Semir Garment Co. Ltd ( SHE:00256 ) between 2008 and 2012 .
BI shall perform additional fill and finish runs using DRUG SUBSTANCE manufactured under the harmonization program and HORIZON shall pay for the fill and finish services only , as set forth in Exhibit 10 .
MARCUS CORP also operate a family entertainment center , Funset Boulevard , that is adjacent to one of MARCUS CORP theatres in Appleton , Wisconsin .
Affirmative Determinations Regarding Independent Directors and Financial Experts The Board has determined that each of the following directors is an independent director as such term is defined in Section 303A of the Listed Company Manual of the New York Stock Exchange , Inc. ( NYSE ): William A. Bruckmann III , Deanna L. Cannon , Douglas J. Lanier , Greg Matiuk , Ronald L. Saxton , Clyde W. Smith , Jr , and Charles J. Swindells .
If Employee is a director of a Singapore Subsidiary , Employee must notify the Singapore Subsidiary in writing within two business days of Employee receiving or disposing of an interest ( e.g , Restricted Stock Units , shares of Stock ) in KBR , INC . or any Subsidiary or within two business days of Employee becoming a director if such an interest exists at the time .
YuMe Inc quarterly operating results fluctuate and are difficult to predict , and YuMe Inc results are likely to fluctuate and be unpredictable in the future .
Executive Employment Agreement , dated as of January 16 , 2016 , by and between ABM Industries Incorporated and Tom Marano .
Mr. Youngkin previously served on the Board of Directors of Kinder Morgan , Inc. as well as several other Carlyle portfolio companies .
Ward D. McNeilly has served as Senior Vice President of Reserves , Planning and Midstream of Midstream Management since January 2016 , prior to which he served as Vice President of Reserves , Planning and Midstream of Midstream Management beginning in February 2014 .
NUVASIVE INC primary distribution and warehousing operations are located in NUVASIVE INC facility in Memphis , Tennessee .
William G. Parrett is a member of the board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner .
Mr. Clemmons also serves as National Chairman of the Interstate 73 , 74 75 Corridor Association , the Israel Allies Legislative Caucus Coalition , and as Chairman of the South Carolina Judicial Merit Selection Commission .
ASN SATELLITES INC . has been formed to provide a method for a foreigner domestic private company to become a reporting company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 .
The shares of AWG International Water Corporation s common stock issued to the former holders of AWG International , Inc. s common stock in connection with the Business Combination , and the shares of Ambient Water Corp 's common stock and warrants issued in the Private Placement , were issued in reliance upon the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2 ) of the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended and Regulation D Rule 506 promulgated under that section , which exempts transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering .
W. Ron Hinson Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer , and Corporate Secretary Age 59
MOSAIC CO Potash business is significantly affected by Canadian resource taxes and royalties that MOSAIC CO pay to the Province of Saskatchewan in order for us to mine and sell MOSAIC CO potash products .
WASTE MANAGEMENT INC recognized benefits to interest expense associated with the amortization of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC terminated interest rate swaps of $ 8 million , $ 14 million and $ 20 million for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively .
Additionally , the tax laws of the U.K. and other jurisdictions could change in the future , and such changes could cause a material change in OM Asset Management plc tax rate .
Arden L. Walker , Jr. is the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and has served in such capacity since LinnCo s formation in April 2012 .
Alliant Energy s gas utility operations are located in the Midwest with IPL providing gas service in Iowa and WPL providing gas service in Wisconsin .
Critical accounting policies and estimates The discussion and analysis of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . financial condition and results of operations are based on POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) .
The use of cash primarily related to VITAL THERAPIES INC net loss of $ 52.0 million adjusted for non - cash charges of $ 4.0 million related to stock - based compensation and $ 1.3 million related to depreciation and amortization and also related to a $ 3.3 million net change in VITAL THERAPIES INC operating assets and liabilities .
Mr. Stewart earned his Master of Business Administration with distinction from the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College , where he was named an Amos Tuck Scholar , and his Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Calgary .
These include Dr. David M. Goldenberg , IMMUNOMEDICS INC s Chairman , Chief Scientific Officer and Chief Patent Officer , Ms. Cynthia L. Sullivan , the President and Chief Executive Officer , who is the wife of Dr. David M. Goldenberg , and certain companies with which IMMUNOMEDICS INC does business , including the Center for Molecular Medicine and Immunology ( CMMI ) , which has ceased operations , and IBC Pharmaceuticals , Inc , a majority - owned subsidiary .
Included in Sky s results for fiscal 2015 was TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . s proportionate share of approximately $ 790 million of Sky s gains related to the sale of its investments in NGC Network International , LLC and NGC Network Latin America , LLC ( collectively , NGC International ) , Sky Betting Gaming ( Sky Bet ) and ITV plc .
The plaintiff purports to represent a class of LSB INDUSTRIES INC shareholders and asserts that LSB INDUSTRIES INC violated federal securities laws by allegedly making material misstatements and omissions about delays and cost overruns at LSB INDUSTRIES INC El Dorado Chemical Company manufacturing facility and about LSB INDUSTRIES INC financial well - being and prospects .
The number of shares of Kura Oncology , Inc. common stock reserved for issuance under the ESPP will automatically increase on January 1 of each calendar year by the lesser of 1 % of the total number of shares of Kura Oncology , Inc. common stock outstanding on December 31 of the preceding calendar year and 2,000,000 shares , subject to the ability of Kura Oncology , Inc. board of directors to take action to reduce the size of the increase in any given year .
The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of ABMT and its wholly owned subsidiaries , Masterise and its 70 % owned subsidiary , Shenzhen Changhua .
CAI International , Inc. wholly - owned international subsidiaries are located in the United Kingdom , Japan , Malaysia , Sweden , Germany , Singapore , Luxembourg , Australia , Chile , South Korea , Barbados and Bermuda .
Also , upon termination of Mr. Shore s employment for any reason , InspireMD , Inc. will compensate him for all unused vacation days accrued .
During years two and three of the Management Services Agreement , HLBE will pay GFE 50 % of the total salary , bonuses and other expenses and costs ( including all benefits and tax contributions ) incurred by GFE for the three management positions , paid on an estimated monthly basis with a true - up following the close of Granite Falls Energy , LLC fiscal year .
Prior to joining VICON INDUSTRIES INC /NY/ , Mr. Badke was Controller for NEK Cable , Inc. and an audit manager with the international accounting firms of Arthur Andersen Co. and Peat Marwick Main Co.
Exhibit 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 I , Gregory W. Kleffner , certify that : .
Mr. Cassano s extensive executive experience , as noted above , along with his educational background , led us to the conclusion that he should serve as a director of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC .
Currently , SteadyMed Ltd. s management believes no intellectual property has been transferred out of Israel and disclosure of SteadyMed Ltd. s know how is made solely in connection with the transfer of manufacturing rights of SteadyMed Ltd. s products to subcontractors .
13 UAS s net loss was $ 32,142 for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 , versus $ 63,605 for the same period in 2016 .
( 3 ) Beginning March 27 , 2013 , amounts include production from DENBURY RESOURCES INC purchase of additional interests in the Cedar Creek Anticline ( CCA ) on that date .
Thomas J. Baltimore , Jr. Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer .
These ratios are calculated on a trailing twelve months basis and are calculated using MEDLEY MANAGEMENT INC . financial results and include adjustments made to calculate Core EBITDA .
As a result of the transaction , all shareholders of Wainwright have become shareholders of CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES INC . Prior to the transaction Mr. Gerber , along with certain family members and certain other Wainwright shareholders , owned the majority of the voting stock in CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES INC as well as Wainwright .
Based solely on the review of Forms 3 and 4 received by DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC Company during the September 30 , 2015 fiscal year , as required under Section 16(a)(2 ) of the Exchange Act , the following directors , although they reported all their transactions as required on either a Form 3 or Form 4 , did not report on a timely basis : Mr. Satya Brata Das , a director of DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC Company , filed two Form 4s late ( relating to two transactions ) ; Mr. Pascal Nod -Langlois , a director of DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC Company filed three Form 4s late ( relating to five transactions ) ; and Mr. Malik Youyou , a director and a 10 % or more beneficial owner of DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC Company , filed three Form 4s late ( relating to 39 transactions ) .
Pursuant to the terms of the license agreement , EKSO BIONICS HOLDINGS , INC . will be required to pay Mr. Brown a single - digit royalty on net receipts , subject to a $ 50 annual minimum royalty requirement .
changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws , including by authorities in municipalities where FINISAR CORP are subject to social insurance and other payroll taxes and fees , and changes in generally accepted accounting principles in the United States or other countries in which FINISAR CORP operate .
( 1 ) Other International primarily consists of EOG 's United Kingdom , China , Canada and Argentina operations .
From 1983 - 1985 , Mr. Kanter served as the Staff Director of the House Rules Committee 's Subcommittee on Legislative Process Chaired by the late Congressman Gillis W. Long ( D - La. ) .
On behalf of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp , Merriman Capital has filed a Form 211 with FINRA to facilitate trading of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp stock in the over - the - counter market .
MSSB Holdings is ultimately owned by Morgan Stanley .
Re : Annual Statement of Compliance for Wells Fargo Commerical Mortgage Trust Commercial Mortgage Pass - Through Certificates , Series 2016 - C36 Per the Pooling and Servicing Agreement dated as of November 1 , 2016 ( the Agreement ) , the undersigned , a duly authorized officer of Wells Fargo Bank , N.A , as Certificate Administrator ( Wells Fargo ) , hereby certifies as follows as of and for the year ending December 31 , 2016 ( the Reporting Period ): ( a ) A review of Wells Fargo s activities during the Reporting Period and of its performance under the Agreement has been made under such officer s supervision ; and ( b ) To the best of such officer s knowledge , based on such review , Wells Fargo has fulfilled all of its obligations under the Agreement in all material respects throughout the Reporting Period .
VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC have not provided a valuation reserve for the U.S. foreign tax credits because VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC believe that it is more likely than not that they will be realized .
Item 1.A. Risk Factors ARROW FINANCIAL CORP believe that the Risk Factors identified in ARROW FINANCIAL CORP Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , continue to represent the most significant risks to ARROW FINANCIAL CORP future results of operations and financial conditions , without modification or amendment .
From 1981 until her retirement in 2010 , Ms. Hill served as Vice President of Alexander Associates , Inc , a corporate consulting firm which she co - owned in Washington , D.C.
Transition Agreement with the CEO On August 30 , 2016 , Thomas L. Monahan , III notified CEB Inc. of his intention to step down from his positions as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CEB Inc , and , as part of CEB Inc. s succession planning process , Mr. Monahan and CEB Inc. entered into a Transition Agreement to provide for a smooth transition of his responsibilities .
The increase was primarily due to increases of $ 467 million and $ 36 million in operations and maintenance expenses from Southern Company Gas and PowerSecure , respectively , a $ 35 million increase associated with new solar , wind , and gas facilities at Southern Power , and $ 32.5 million resulting from the write - down of Gulf Power 's ownership of Plant Scherer Unit 3 in accordance with a settlement agreement approved by the Florida PSC on April 4 , 2017 ( 2017 Rate Case Settlement Agreement ) .
Mr. Meadow was the founder and Chief Executive Officer of ControlCam LLC from 2009 through 2012 , and was the founder and has been the Chief Executive Officer of Visre , Inc./3vTV LLC from 2004 to the present .
On July 28 , 2010 , AL Marine set up a Hong Kong corporation called AL Marine Holdings ( Hong Kong )
After acquisition by IAC / InterActiveCorp , Ask Jeeves was renamed IAC Search and Media , and Mr. Berkowitz served as its chief executive officer until May 2006 .
Further , the value of LINN Energy units would be reduced and , as a result , the value of LinnCo , LLC shares would be reduced .
Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement , H / Cell Energy Corp acquired all of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Pride from the Pride Shareholders in exchange for an aggregate of 3,800,000 shares of H / Cell Energy Corp common stock ( the Acquisition Shares ) .
Xia Liu Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Age 45 Served as Executive Officer since 2015 Bentina C. Terry Vice President Customer Service and Sales Age 45 Served as Executive Officer since 2007 .
Since October 2014 , Mr. Jacobs has served as President of Bar Bakers , LLC , a commercial food manufacturer of nutritional bars , cookies and other baked goods .
On August 23 , 2013 ( the Closing Date ) , Authentic , Hrant Isbeceryan , David Lewis Richardson and Evan Michael Hershfield , constituting all of the executive officers and members of the Board of Directors of Authentic ( the Selling Stockholders ) , and RDA Equities , LLC , a Puerto Rico limited liability company ( RDA ) , entered into a stock purchase agreement ( the Stock Purchase Agreement ) pursuant to which RDA purchased from the Selling Stockholders an aggregate of 2,750,000 shares , par value $ 0.001 per share , of restricted common stock of Authentic ( the Shares ) in consideration for $ 0.001 per Share ( the Purchase Price ) , for an aggregate purchase price of $ 2,750 ( the Transaction ) .
As of December 31 , 2016 , Moody LPOP owned less than 1 % of the outstanding limited partnership interests in Moody National REIT I , Inc. operating partnership and OP Holdings owned 100 % of the special partnership units issued by Moody National REIT I , Inc. operating partnership .
At December 31 , 2015 , Lenders Title s equity investment in United Title was $ 7.4 million , and United Title had total assets of $ 11.1 million .
In Maryland , DPL operates pursuant to state - wide franchises that are substantially similar in nature to those described above with respect to Pepco s Maryland operations .
The fair value of the common stock was determined based on the closing price of ICU MEDICAL INC / DE common shares on the issuance date , discounted to reflect a contractual lock - up period , whereby Pfizer is prohibited from the transfer of the shares , subject to certain exceptions , until the earlier of ( i ) the expiration of Pfizer s services to us in the related transitional services agreement ( see Note 18 : Collaborative and Other Arrangements ) or ( ii ) eighteen months .
of Bioverativ Inc. accounts receivable arise from product sales in the U.S , Japan and Canada with concentration of credit risk limited due to the wide variety of customers using Bioverativ Inc. products .
Sears Oil & Gas principal executive office is currently located at the home of Mark A. Scharmann , Sears Oil & Gas sole officer and director , and is provided to us free of charge as well as all related office equipment and communication lines .
From 1998 to 2000 , Mr. Scibetta served as Vice President , Divisional Merchandise Manager for Shoe Corporation of America .
AxoGen , Inc. nerve evaluation and measurement tools are further examples of AxoGen , Inc. development activity having lau n ched the AxoTouch TM in the fall of 2014 and launching the AcroVal TM systems in March 2016 .
During 2016 , VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INC / MA terminated and repaid all outstanding obligations under VERTEX PHARMACEUTICALS INC / MA term loan .
Mirna Therapeutics , Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in December 2007 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Asuragen , Inc. ( Asuragen ) and was spun out to existing Asuragen stockholders in December 2009 .
Given Mr. Huang s substantial business and executive management experience in several industries , the Board determined that Mr. Huang should continue to serve as a director .
On February 26 , 2016 , American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III , Inc. entered into a definitive agreement with DST to provide American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III , Inc. directly with transfer agency services ( including broker and stockholder servicing , transaction processing , year - end IRS reporting and other services ) .
KBS Growth & Income REIT , Inc. rely on KBS Growth & Income REIT , Inc. officers , KBS Growth & Income REIT , Inc. advisor and the real estate , debt finance , management and accounting professionals that KBS Growth & Income REIT , Inc. advisor retains , including Messrs. Bren , Hall , Schreiber and Waldvogel and Ms. Yamane , to provide services to us for the day - to - day operation of KBS Growth & Income REIT , Inc. business .
Named Executive Officer for Fiscal 2017 Title Steven Fisher President and Chief Executive Officer Devinder Ahuja Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer 1 Steven E. Pohl Senior Vice President , Business Performance and Execution 2 Leslie J. Parrette Senior Vice President , General Counsel , Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary Marco Palmieri Senior Vice President and President , Novelis North America Emilio Braghi Senior Vice President and President Novelis Europe .
For the U.S. qualified pension plans , the assumed weighted average discount rate of 4.40 % as of December 31 , 2015 , was selected , in consultation with Grace 's independent actuaries , based on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of high quality bonds for which the timing and amount of cash outflows approximate the estimated payouts of the plan .
Robert P. Johnson , President and Director .
During the past five years , Mr. Allen served as a director of Harley - Davidson , Inc. ( Chairman 2009 - 2012 ) , Stream Global Services , Inc. and the World Triathlon Corp.
Mr. Liang joined ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR Ltd company in August 2004 as ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR Ltd Corporate Controller .
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Meta Financial Group , Inc. ( the Company ) , a unitary savings and loan holding company located in Sioux Falls , South Dakota , and its wholly - owned subsidiaries which include MetaBank ( the Bank ) , a federally chartered savings bank whose primary federal regulator is the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency , and Meta Capital , LLC , a wholly owned service corporation subsidiary of MetaBank which invests in financial technology companies .
Mylan N.V. North America segment is made up of Mylan N.V. operations in the U.S. and Canada and includes the operations of Mylan N.V. previously reported Specialty segment .
Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or limit either party s use of information ( including but not limited to ideas , concepts , know - how , techniques , and methodologies ): ( i ) information that at the time of disclosure or thereafter is generally available to or known by the public ( other than as a result of its disclosure by HANOVER or its Representatives in breach of this Agreement ) ; ( ii ) information that was available or known to HANOVER prior to disclosure by the Company ; ( iii ) information made available to HANOVER from a person or entity who , to HANOVER s knowledge , was not prohibited from disclosing it ; and ( iv ) information that HANOVER holds or develops independently of QUANTUMSPHERE , INC .
Unlike nationwide banks that are more geographically diversified , TWO RIVER BANCORP provides banking and financial services to customers primarily in Monmouth , Union and Middlesex Counties , New Jersey .
On January 24 , 2014 , a complaint was filed against QUALITY SYSTEMS , INC Company and certain of QUALITY SYSTEMS , INC officers and current and former directors in the United States District Court for the Central District of California , captioned Timothy J. Foss , derivatively on behalf of himself and all others similarly situated , vs. Craig A. Barbarosh , George H. Bristol , James C. Malone , Peter M. Neupert , Morris Panner , D. Russell Pflueger , Steven T. Plochocki , Sheldon Razin , Lance E. Rosenzweig and Quality Systems , Inc , No . SACV14 - 00110 - DOC - JPPx , by Timothy J. Foss , a shareholder of ours .
volatility and recent decline in the price of CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . common stock , including the impact of any delisting of CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . stock from the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) if CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . fail to meet the minimum average closing price listing standard ; .
Exelon s total estimated cash outflow for the like - kind exchange is approximately $ 950 million , of which approximately $ 300 million would be attributable to ComEd after giving consideration to Exelon s agreement to hold ComEd harmless from any unfavorable impacts of the after - tax interest and penalty amounts on ComEd s equity .
In addition to its headquarters located in Mobile , Alabama , ALC operates and serves its customers through twenty - one offices in Alabama and southeast Mississippi .
Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , Nathan Zommer , the Chief Executive Officer of IXYS Corporation ( the Company ) , and Uzi Sasson , the Chief Financial Officer of IXYS CORP /DE/ , each hereby certifies that , to his knowledge : 1 .
PNC BANK , NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Documentation Agent and a Lender By : /s/ Carrie Light _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Name : Carrie Light Title : Vice President .
No . 2015 - 17 beginning on January 1 , 2016 and the adoption of the new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s results of operations , financial condition and/or financial statement disclosures .
Steve Rubakh Steve Rubakh President and Chief Executive Officer , and Principal Financial Officer .
Gain on sale of subsidiary On July 31 , 2012 , SEI INVESTMENTS CO entered into a agreement to sell all of SEI INVESTMENTS CO ownership interest in SEI AK and completed the sale on March 28 , 2013 .
Glenn J. Stadler has been employed by Westbury Bank since 2012 and is currently serving as its Executive Vice President and Chief Commercial Lending Officer .
Under the TRA , Habit Restaurants , Inc. generally are required to pay to the Continuing LLC Owners 85 % of the amount of cash savings , if any , in U.S. federal , state or local tax that Habit Restaurants , Inc. actually realize directly or indirectly ( or are deemed to realize in certain circumstances ) as a result of ( i ) certain tax attributes created as a result of the IPO and any sales or exchanges ( as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes ) to or with us of their interests in The Habit Restaurants , LLC for shares of Habit Restaurants , Inc.
ActiveCare , Inc. ( " ActiveCare " or the " Company " ) was formed March 5 , 1998 .
Kimbell Royalty Partners , LP was formed in October 2015 and Kimbell Royalty Partners , LP completed Kimbell Royalty Partners , LP initial public offering in February 2017 .
David A. Bochnowski is Chairman , Chief Executive Officer , of the Bancorp and the Bank , and is accountable to the Board of Directors , customers , shareholders , employees and stakeholders for the operation of the company .
Additionally , the TEL Offshore Trust Partnership , which TEL OFFSHORE TRUST refer to herein as the " Partnership , " was formed , in which the Trust owned a 99.99 % interest and Tenneco initially owned a.01 % interest .
Messrs. Hall , McMillan and Waldvogel and Ms. Yamane are executive officers of KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT and KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT II , and Messrs. Bren , McMillan and Waldvogel and Ms. Yamane are executive officers of KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT .
Exhibit 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 As adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of DJO Finance LLC ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended July 1 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 10 , 2017 ( the Report ) , I , Brady R. Shirley , President , Chief Executive Officer and Manager of DJO Finance LLC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
INSTRUCTURE INC were incorporated in the state of Delaware in September 2008 .
KEMPHARM , INC issued and granted patents provide protection in jurisdictions that include the United States , Australia , Canada , China , Colombia , Israel , Japan , Kazakhstan , Malaysia , Mexico , New Zealand , Philippines , Russia , Ukraine , Singapore , Indonesia and South Africa .
If that were to happen , the market price of TREMOR VIDEO INC . stock could decline and TREMOR VIDEO INC . could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the New York Stock Exchange , or NYSE , the SEC or other regulatory authorities .
This Amendment ( Amendment ) is made as of January 1 , 2017 by and between Choice Hotels International , Inc. ( " Choice " ) , and Stewart Bainum , Jr. ( Mr. Bainum ) and amends that certain Amended and Restated Chairman s Services Agreement dated September 10 , 2008 between the parties ( as amended , the Agreement ) .
In 1983 , AMES NATIONAL CORP acquired the stock of the State Bank Trust Co. ( " State Bank " ) located in Nevada , Iowa ; in 1991 , AMES NATIONAL CORP , through a newly - chartered state bank known as Boone Bank Trust Co. ( " Boone Bank " ) , acquired certain assets and assumed certain liabilities of the former Boone State Bank Trust Company located in Boone , Iowa ; in 1995 , AMES NATIONAL CORP acquired the stock of the Reliance State Bank , ( Reliance Bank ) located in Story City , Iowa ; and in 2002 , AMES NATIONAL CORP chartered and commenced operations of a new national banking organization , United Bank Trust NA ( United Bank ) , located in Marshalltown , Iowa .
Recent changes to United States tax laws , including limitations on the ability of taxpayers to claim and utilize foreign tax credits and the deferral of certain tax deductions until earnings outside of the United States are repatriated to the United States , as well as changes to United States tax laws that may be enacted in the future , could impact the tax treatment of Cloudera , Inc. foreign earnings .
Dr. Oronsky also served on the boards of directors of the biopharmaceutical companies , MacroGenics , Inc , from 2000 to 2014 , Metabasis Therapeutics , Inc , from 2000 to 2010 , and Anesiva , Inc , from 2005 to 2010 .
As a result , in September 2017 , 61 sites were sold to a third party and removed from the fuel distribution agreement between CST Marketing and Supply , a wholly - owned subsidiary of CST Fuel Supply , and CST Services , a wholly owned subsidiary of Circle K , and CST Market ing and Supply no longer supplies fuel to such sites .
Carey Watermark Investors 2 Inc are managed by Carey Lodging Advisors , LLC , or Carey Watermark Investors 2 Inc Advisor , an indirect subsidiary of WPC .
Prior to such date Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock was eligible for quotation and trades under the symbol SILV since May 2011 .
In connection with the partial repurchase of the 2017 Convertible Notes as described above , ENCORE CAPITAL GROUP INC terminated a portion of its convertible note hedge transactions in a notional amount corresponding to the amount of the 2017 Convertible Notes repurchased .
Financial Experiences Former Chief Financial Officer of Chrysler Corporation and served on the Audit Committees of AIG , UAL Corporation , Reynolds American , Waste Management , U.S. Bancorp , Federal Mogul Corporation and Pope Talbot .
Under the employment letter agreement , Mr. Williams is entitled to ( i ) be paid at the rate of $ 200 per hour ( his monthly hours will not exceed 25 hours , without the prior written consent of SIGMA LABS , INC . President and Chief Executive Officer ) , ( ii ) a grant , effective as of July 22 , 2016 , under SIGMA LABS , INC . 2013 Plan of 15,500 shares of restricted common stock of SIGMA LABS , INC , which shares will vest on the one - year anniversary of the effective date of Mr. Williams employment ( the First Anniversary Date ) , provided , however , that vesting as to 50 % of the shares accelerated effective as of the closing of SIGMA LABS , INC . underwritten public offering ( i.e , February 21 , 2017 ) , and ( iii ) a grant , effective as of July 22 , 2016 , under SIGMA LABS , INC . 2013 Plan of a non - qualified stock option to purchase up to 31,500 shares of SIGMA LABS , INC . common stock .
The Board elected Mr. Toh as a Class II director and as Vice Chairman of the Board in April 1992 .
On November 11 , 2015 , ATOSSA GENETICS INC terminated the May 26 , 2015 agreement with Aspire and entered into a new Common Stock purchase agreement which provides that , upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein , Aspire Capital is committed to purchase up to an aggregate of $ 25.0 million of ATOSSA GENETICS INC shares of Common Stock over the approximately 30 - month term of the Purchase Agreement .
In conjunction with FAMOUS DAVES OF AMERICA INC s current and former credit agreements , FAMOUS DAVES OF AMERICA INC has deposited amounts for undrawn letters of credit in cash collateral accounts with Venture Bank and Wells Fargo .
I , Anthony J. Restel , Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of IBERIABANK Corporation , certify that : 1 .
John ( Jay ) Duke , Jr , 48 , joined Acushnet Holdings Corp. in 2014 and was appointed President , Titleist Golf Gear in 2014 .
Superior and its subsidiaries operate in Oklahoma , Texas , Kansas , Pennsylvania , and West Virginia .
Revenue GTT Communications , Inc. revenue increased by $ 57.3 million , or 44.4 % , from $ 128.9 million for the three months ended June 30 , 2016 to $ 186.2 million for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 .
On September 24 , 2014 , Immune Therapeutics , Inc. and the Licensor Parties jointly agreed to terminate the Smith Agreement , and in place thereof , have the Licensor Parties grant a similar license in their patent rights to Cytocom Inc. pursuant to a Patent License Agreement between the Licensor Parties , Cytocom Inc. and Immune Therapeutics , Inc. with substantially similar terms as set forth in the Smith Agreement .
Prior to joining GSO in 2015 , Ms. Liu worked at Blackstone Advisory Partners from 2011 to 2015 , where Ms. Liu advised clients across the energy value chain on various M A , restructuring , and strategic matters .
For example , the average daily trading volume in Immune Design Corp. common stock on NASDAQ during the year - ended December 31 , 2015 was approximately 100,000 shares per day .
Stephen J. Toy Title : Director and President .
Mr. Schwarzman began his career at Lehman Brothers , where he was elected Managing Director in 1978 .
INC appointed Mr. Stapleton to replace Charles C. Mottley as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company .
On March 28 , 2017 , by a Shareholders Consent described in an information statement dated December 29 , 2016 sent to the shareholders of GOLD BILLION GROUP HOLDINGS Ltd , Mr. Lai Kok Meng , ceased to be a director of GOLD BILLION GROUP HOLDINGS Ltd. Also provided is a brief description of the business experience of each director and executive officer and the key personnel during the past three years and an indication of directorships ( if any ) held by each director in other companies subject to the reporting requirements under the Federal securities laws .
CHIASMA , INC may also fail to develop future product candidates , especially since CHIASMA , INC terminated CHIASMA , INC research personnel in connection with the August 2016 restructuring plan .
In February 2015 , Blackstone Group L.P. agreed with the former owners of GSO , including Mr. Goodman , to settle in full Blackstone Group L.P. obligation to make further earn out payments to them arising from Blackstone Group L.P. redemption of profits interests that were issued to them in connection with Blackstone Group L.P. acquisition of GSO by making a payment in the form of a combination of vested and unvested restricted Blackstone Holdings Units .
Blackstone Group Management L.L.C. is wholly owned by Blackstone Group L.P. senior managing directors and controlled by Blackstone Group L.P. founder , Mr. Schwarzman .
Mr. Sabec is a cofounder of Rightscorp Delaware and has served as its Chief Executive Officer since January 2011 ( inception ) .
Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice ( Grant Notice ) and this Stock Option Agreement , Counsel RB Capital Inc. ( the Company ) has granted you , Ross Dove ( the Optionee ) , an option under its to purchase the number of shares of Heritage Global Inc. s common stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice .
Xiping Zheng has served as the manager of the manufacturing department of Sanhe since June 5 , 2014 .
The awards cliff vest in three years based on ICONIX BRAND GROUP , INC . s total shareholder return measured against a peer group as described in ICONIX BRAND GROUP , INC . s Form 10 - K / A filed on April 29 , 2016 .
The Community Bank Trust I was organized in 2004 , and Trust II was organized in 2006 .
Mr. Song has also served as a director of Mobile Vision Communication Ltd. since July 2004 .
Net sales at GLAUKOS Corp subsidiaries in Australia , Canada , Germany , Japan and the United Kingdom accounted for the majority of the increase internationally .
Prior to joining La Jolla , Mr. Rolke was Chief Technology Officer at Pluromed ,
Matthew P. Young Matthew P. Young Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
On December 23 , 2016 , SIMPSON MANUFACTURING CO INC /CA/ acquired a 25.0 % equity interest in Ruby Sketch Pty Ltd. ( Ruby Sketch ) , an Australian proprietary limited company , for $ 2.5 million , for which SIMPSON MANUFACTURING CO INC /CA/ accounts for its ownership interest using the equity accounting method .
Mr. Manning currently serves on the boards of The Cross Group , Enduring Resources , LLC , Fluid Delivery Systems , Templar Energy LLC , and Trail Ridge Energy Partners II LLC , Velvet Energy , Ltd , and Ward Energy Partners .
The discussion and analysis of Sanchez Production Partners LP financial condition and results of operations are based upon Sanchez Production Partners LP condensed consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
IMMUNOGEN INC total revenues for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 were $ 67.5 million and $ 27.1 million , respectively .
Following the issuance of the shares of the EchoStar Tracking Stock and the HSS Tracking Stock , DISH Network held 6.5 % and 7.5 % of the aggregate number of outstanding shares of EchoStar and HSS capital stock , respectively .
In connection with the quarterly report of FBEC Worldwide , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarterly period ending September 30 , 2016 ( the Report ) , I , Jeffrey Greene , Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of FBEC
On April 5 , 2017 , MACK CALI REALTY L P announced that president Michael J. DeMarco would be assuming the title of chief executive officer of MACK CALI REALTY L P and Mitchell Rudin , formerly the chief executive officer , was being named the vice chairman at MACK CALI REALTY L P effective April 4 , 2017 .
The expanded Burleson facility will house raw material storage and product distribution and allow expansion space as required for AxoGen operations .
On November 16 , 2015 , TROPIC INTERNATIONAL INC . entered into a consulting agreement ( the ECC Agreement ) with Edgewater Consulting Corp , a private Ontario corporation ( ECC ) .
During the third quarter of 2016 , SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORP entered into a definitive agreement to acquire all of the issued and outstanding common shares of DEQ Systems Corp. ( DEQ ) for $ 22.0 million in cash consideration transferred .
BeiGene , Ltd. current registered office in the Cayman Islands is located at the offices of Mourant Ozannes Corporate Services ( Cayman ) Limited , 94 Solaris Avenue , Camana Bay , Grand Cayman KY1 - 1108 , Cayman Islands .
Therefore , upon the completion of the share transfer , Mr. Zhang is still the beneficial owner of the 41,619,800 shares of common stock of the Company .
The exchange gain in each period was related to GSI TECHNOLOGY INC Taiwan branch operations and GSI TECHNOLOGY INC operations in Israel .
The following explanation of certain items that impacted the comparability of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC 2014 results with 2013 has been provided to support investors understanding of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC performance .
At September 30 , 201 7 , INGLES MARKETS INC operated 190 supermarke ts under the name Ingles , and nine supermarkets under the name Sav - Mor with locations in western North Carolina , western South Carolina , norther n Georgia , eastern Tennessee , southwestern Virginia and northeastern Alabama .
On June 28 , 2017 , the FRB did not object to CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP INC / RI 2017 Capital Plan or to CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP INC / RI proposed capital actions in the period beginning July 1 , 2017 and ending June 30 , 2018 .
On December 17 , 2014 Cytosorbents Corp s common stock was approved for listing on The NASDAQ Capital Market ( NASDAQ ) , and it began trading on NASDAQ on December 23 , 2014 under the symbol CTSO .
The discussion and analysis of AMERICAN EDUCATION CENTER , INC . financial condition and results of operations is based upon AMERICAN EDUCATION CENTER , INC . financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) .
The credit facility with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ( Asia ) Limited ( ICBC ) provides for borrowings up to HK$8,000,000 ( approximately $ 1,032,000 ) , which bears interest at a rate of 2 % per annum below the ICBC s Hong Kong Dollar Best Lending Rate and are guaranteed by the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited ( HKMC ) , and Ms. Mei Ling Law and Mr. Kwok Leung Lee , directors of the Company .
ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. currently operate seven owned and three managed STK restaurants in major metropolitan cities globally , such as Atlanta , Chicago , Las Vegas , London , Los Angeles , Miami , Milan , New York and Washington D.C.
We are not currently subject to the requirements of any stock exchange or inter - dealer quotation system with respect to having a majority of independent directors although WORLDS INC believe that WORLDS INC meet that standard inasmuch as Messrs. Stolar , Fireman and Gildea are independent and only Mr. Kidrin , by virtue of being WORLDS INC president and CEO , is not independent .
Chris Galvez Name : Chris Galvez Title : Vice President By : /s/ Benjamin Arroyo Name : Benjamin Arroyo Title : Vice President .
If the proceeds from the sale of any of the CB Shares is less than $ 0.50 per share and the CherryBerry Selling Parties comply with other terms of the CherryBerry Purchase Agreement , U - Swirl agreed to pay a shortfall payment equal to the difference of the sale price of the CB Shares and $ 0.50 per share , multiplied by the number of shares sold by the CherryBerry Selling Parties .
This $ 0.2 million increase in other noninterest income was due to increased miscellaneous income items associated with FB Financial Corp overall growth .
On May 21 , 2015 , the compensation committee of the board of directors granted to John Gaulding , director and chairman of the board , RSUs under the 2014 Non - Employee Equity Compensation Plan for which Mr. Gaulding has the right to receive 25,000 shares of Energous Corp s common stock .
BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC management , with the participation of BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC Chief Executive Officer and Chief President Bear and BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC Chief Financial Officer , also conducted an evaluation of BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any changes occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected , or are reasonably likely to materially affect , BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC internal control over financial reporting .
As of December 19 , 2016 , Fred D. Alexander served as a member of ARC Group , Inc. s board of directors and as an executive officer of Blue Victory .
On August 5 , 2016 , RMR GROUP INC . acquired certain assets of Tremont Realty Capital LLC , or the Tremont business , which specializes in commercial real estate finance , principally providing capital to commercial real estate owners and developers and serving as advisor to a private fund that principally make commercial real estate debt investments .
From June 2011 to May 2012 , Mr. Lamkin served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Clover , a mobile payments platform .
Six of these groups are owned by John V. Crues , III , M.D , RadNet s Medical Director , a member of RadNet , Inc. Board of Directors , and a 1 % owner of BRMG .
In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 - K of Centene Corporation ( the Company ) for the period ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , the undersigned , Michael F. Neidorff , Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer of CENTENE CORP , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , that : .
Tony Mosso , Owner , Automax , Wellsboro [ 12 ] teamwork excellence respect responsibility and accountability integrity client - focus fun .
On January 27 , 2017 , in consideration of WPU agreements and waivers , AMERICAN POWER GROUP Corp issued WPU s members ten year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 3,538,172 shares of AMERICAN POWER GROUP Corp Common Stock at an exercise price of $ .10 per share .
Under the first of those agreements , Planet Fitness , Inc. generally is required to pay to the Continuing LLC Owners 85 % of the applicable tax savings , if any , in U.S. federal and state income tax that Planet Fitness , Inc. is deemed to realize as a result of certain tax attributes of their Holdings Units sold to the Company ( or exchanged in a taxable sale ) and that are created as a result of ( i ) the sales of their Holdings Units for shares of Class A common stock and ( ii ) .
As a condition to the effectiveness of the Second Amended Commitment Letter entered into on October 6 , 2016 related to the aforementioned $ 400 Million Credit Facility , GENCO SHIPPING & TRADING LTD entered into stock purchase agreements effective as of October 4 , 2016 ( the Initial Purchase Agreements ) with funds or related entities managed by Centerbridge , SVP and Apollo ( the Investors ) for an aggregate of up to $ 125 million in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended .
Moody National REIT II , Inc. ( the Company ) was formed on July 25 , 2014 , as a Maryland corporation and intends to elect to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) beginning with the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
As a result of the approval of the Plan of Dissolution by the stockholders in August 2016 , CNL Growth Properties , Inc. s results of operations for the quarter and six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 are presented using two different presentations .
Incorporated in 1998 , EnSync is headquartered in Menomonee Falls , Wisconsin , USA with offices in Madison , Wisconsin , San Francisco , California , Honolulu , Hawaii , Shanghai , China and Perth , Western Australia .
In connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10 - K of National Research Corporation ( the Company ) for the year ended December 31 , 2016 ( the Report ) , I , Michael D. Hays , Chief Executive Officer of NATIONAL RESEARCH CORP , and I , Kevin R. Karas , Chief Financial Officer , certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , based on my knowledge , that : .
The settlement agreement extends IPL s Iowa retail electric base rates authorized in its 2009 Test Year rate case through 2016 and provides targeted retail electric customer billing credits of $ 105 million in aggregate .
for nomination to COCA COLA BOTTLING CO CONSOLIDATED /DE/ s Board of Directors , and J. Frank Harrison , III , the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of COCA COLA BOTTLING CO CONSOLIDATED /DE/ , and trustees of certain trusts established for the benefit of certain relatives of J. Frank Harrison , Jr. have agreed to vote the shares of COCA COLA BOTTLING CO CONSOLIDATED /DE/ s Class B Common Stock which they control in favor of such designee .
Sellers and Purchaser agree that Holliday Fenoglio Fowler , L.P. ( Broker ) was the only broker with whom the parties negotiated in connection with the sale and purchase of the Property .
As the Act was signed into law in 2013 , this federal research tax credit for the year ended December 31 , 2012 of $ 413,000 , along with the federal research tax credit estimated for 2013 of $ 641,000 , were recorded in POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s financial results in the year ended December 31 , 2013 .
Stagecoach also provides warehousing and transloading solutions to customers through its network of strategically located facilities in southcentral and west Texas .
Common Stock PAUL G. DALY Director Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , President , Secretary and Treasurer .
Revenue generated from sales of liquor and related items at package liquor stores totaled $ 16,842,000 for FLANIGANS ENTERPRISES INC fiscal year 2017 as compared to $ 15,661,000 for FLANIGANS ENTERPRISES INC fiscal year 2016 , an increase of $ 1,181,000 or 7.54 % .
Compensation Committee Planet Fitness , Inc. compensation committee consists of Messrs. Grondahl , Layman and LeComte , with Mr. LeComte serving as chairman of the committee .
On November 13 , 2009 , MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY , LLC formed a wholly - owned subsidiary , MP Realty Services , Inc , a California corporation ( MP Realty ) .
Additionally , Ambient Water Corp set up a corresponding liability , Product Warranty Reserve , in the amount of $ 1,800 and $ 13,036 shown in accrued liabilities for the years ended December 31 , 2014 and 2015 , respectively .
As of May 31 , 2017 , RPM INTERNATIONAL INC / DE/ subsidiaries marketed products in approximately 168 countries and territories and operated manufacturing facilities in approximately 139 locations in the United States , Argentina , Australia , Belgium , Brazil , Canada , Chile , China , Colombia , France , Germany , India , Italy , Malaysia , Mexico , The Netherlands , New Zealand , Norway , Poland , Saudi Arabia , South Africa , South Korea , Spain , Sweden , Turkey , the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom .
In 2012 , Axsome Therapeutics , Inc. entered into three exclusive license agreements with Antecip Bioventures II LLC , or Antecip , an entity owned by Axsome Therapeutics , Inc. Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board , Herriot Tabuteau , M.D , in which Axsome Therapeutics , Inc. were granted exclusive licenses to develop , manufacture , and commercialize Antecip s patents and applications related to the development of AXS 02 and AXS 05 , as well as AXS 04 , a product candidate that is currently in early stage development , anywhere in the world for veterinary and human therapeutic and diagnostic use .
The loss of services of Lee - Lean Shu , GSI TECHNOLOGY INC President and Chief Executive Officer , Robert Yau , GSI TECHNOLOGY INC Vice President of Engineering , Dr. Avidan Akerib , GSI TECHNOLOGY INC Vice President of Associative Computing , any other executive officer or other key employee could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of GSI TECHNOLOGY INC development and strategic objectives .
1 Nordstrom full - line stores - U.S. includes Nordstrom Local .
For the three months ended March 31 , 2017 compared to the same period last year , Segment Adjusted EBITDA related to Energy Transfer , LP all other segment increased primarily due to an increase of $ 22 million in Adjusted EBITDA related to Energy Transfer , LP investment in PES .
Lam Chi Kwong Leo 40 CEO , Director , President , Chairman Lee Hiu Lan 28 CFO , Treasurer , Secretary Chan Tung Ngai 29 Director Hu Jiasheng 47 Director Lam Chi Kwong Leo- CEO , Director , President , Chairman Mr. Lam graduated in 2000 from the University of Ottawa , Canada , with a Bachelor of Science degree .
On May 18 , 2018 , Mr. Lakwinder Singh Sidhu resigned from his official positions as CEO and CFO and on the same day the shareholders of the Corporation voted Mr. Poh Kee Liew as Director and CEO , and Mr. Gim Hooi Ooi as Director and CFO .
EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA To supplement Papa Murphy 's Holdings , Inc. consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. ( GAAP ) , Papa Murphy 's Holdings , Inc. consider certain financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with GAAP .
Certain of MPT Operating Partnership , L.P. U.S. subsidiaries will enter into short - term and long - term transactions denominated in a foreign currency from time to time .
Although F5 NETWORKS INC monitor F5 NETWORKS INC use of open source closely , the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts , and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on F5 NETWORKS INC ability to commercialize F5 NETWORKS INC products .
In April 2013 , options held by the President and Chief Executive Officer , Ms. Earnhardt , a related party , were modified to permit exercise with promissory notes of up to $ 0.5 million .
Brenton Mix . Brenton Mix Chief Executive Officer . deac_ex312.htm .
Secured Promissory Note due 2022 - On September 16 , 2015 , El Dorado Ammonia L.L.C. ( EDA ) , a subsidiary within LSB INDUSTRIES INC Chemical Business , entered into a secured promissory note due 2022 for the construction financing of an ammonia storage tank and related systems with an initial funding received of $ 15.0 million and a maximum principal note amount of $ 19.8 million .
Mr. Kang was formerly the Vice - President of Amy International Co , Ltd. from 2012 to 2015 , where he developed and managed Makh Group Corp. s marketing platform .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT remains engaged in the process in order to minimize impact to CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT available water supply .
Fund Performance Metrics Fund performance information for Carlyle Group L.P. investment funds that have at least $ 1.0 billion in capital commitments , cumulative equity invested or total value as of December 31 , 2014 , which Carlyle Group L.P. refer to as Carlyle Group L.P. significant funds , is generally included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of Carlyle Group L.P. results of operations for the periods presented .
On May 8 , 2014 , GARMATEX HOLDINGS LTD . incorporated GARMATEX HOLDINGS LTD .
During the third quarter of 2013 , Crestview exercised options to purchase 54,369 shares of FBR & Co. s common stock at an average price of $ 15.85 per share at an aggregate cost of $ 862 .
John J. Gonzalez , II has served as a Director of Janel since June 2016 .
I , Jonathan H. Cohen , Chief Executive Officer of TICC Capital Corp , certify that : .
Furthermore , although Unity can not terminate GLU MOBILE INC agreement absent an uncured material breach of the agreement by us , GLU MOBILE INC could lose access to this engine under certain circumstances , such as a natural disaster that impacts Unity or a bankruptcy event .
Chair of the Board of Directors , President and Chief Executive Officer - Sallie T. Rainer ( principal executive officer ) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer - Andrew S. Marsh ( principal financial officer ) .
Emerald Medical Applications Corp. have entered into employment agreements with Adi Zamir and David Ben Naim , Emerald s CEO and CFO , respectively .
Ladies and Gentlemen : SCHOLASTIC CORP have acted as special New York counsel for Scholastic Corporation , a Delaware corporation ( the Holding Company ) , and Scholastic Inc , a New York corporation ( the Operating Company the Holding Company and the Operating Company are , collectively , the Borrowers and , individually , each a Borrower ) , in connection with that certain Credit Agreement , dated as of January 5 , 2017 ( the Credit Agreement ) , among ( i ) the Borrowers , ( ii ) the lenders that are parties thereto on the date hereof ( the Lenders ) and ( iii ) Bank of America , N.A , as administrative agent ( the Administrative Agent ) for the Lenders .
Payment of the note is also guaranteed by High Plains Christian Ministries Foundation , a shareholder of NSH .
Caldera is liable for defamation and tortious interference with contractual and business relations with regard to Global Gold and its related personnel and so shall ( i ) pay Global G old $ 3 million in compensatory damages , ( ii ) pay Global Gold $ 1 million in punitive or exemplary damages , ( iii ) remove all the materials and websites controlled in any way by them which were admitted as exhibits on defamatory publications in this case from the internet and other locations , ( iv ) remove and be permanently enjoined from using Global Gold s trading symbol without permission ; ( v ) not share those materials with others or arrange to have them posted anonymously or otherwise- ( vi ) independently , Global Gold and those who have been named by Caldera and Bill Mavridis in the admitted exhibits on defamatory publications as well as their attorneys [ are granted ] the authority to contact internet service providers , search engine firms , social media sites , stock discussion boards ( including but not limited to Google , Yahoo , Facebook , Twitter , Stockhouse , Investor s Hub and Bing ) to use this Final Award to remove the material as defamatory ; .
Executive Vice President - Enterprise Energy Strategy and Business Development of Eversource Energy and Eversource Service Werner J. Schweiger .
Cytosorbents Corp issued 46,154 shares of Cytosorbents Corp Common Stock to LPC as a commitment fee for entering into the agreement , and was obligated to issue up to an additional 46,154 shares pro rata as LPC purchases up to $ 6,000,000 of its Common Stock as directed by the Company .
The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( U.S. GAAP ) and include the accounts of Stellar Biotechnologies , Inc , its wholly - owned subsidiaries , Stellar Biotechnologies , Inc , a California corporation in the U.S. and BioEstelar , S.A. de C.V. a Baja California corporation in Mexico .
The following tables present certain selected information regarding FS Energy & Power Fund portfolio investment activity for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 : .
Acquiring additional brands could have a significant effect on Castle Brands Inc financial position , could materially reduce Castle Brands Inc liquidity and could cause substantial fluctuations in Castle Brands Inc quarterly and yearly operating results .
From December 2008 to December 2010 , O Grady was Regional Managing Director , Europe , Africa and Middle East Region ( EAMER ) and Chairman Eastman Kodak S rl , and from May 2007 to December 2008 , he was Managing Director , EAMER , Consumer Businesses .
Notes Payable The following table sets forth Behringer Harvard Opportunity REIT I , Inc. notes payable on Behringer Harvard Opportunity REIT I , Inc. consolidated properties at December 31 , 2016 and 2015 ( $ in thousands ): .
Jack W. Hanks Jack W. Hanks Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Central Federal Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , the undersigned , Timothy T. O Dell , President and Chief Executive Officer of CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP , and John W. Helmsdoerfer , Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as added by Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
During the fourth quarter of 2013 , Crestview exercised options to purchase 87,332 shares of FBR & Co. s common stock at an average price of $ 12.02 per share at an aggregate cost of $ 1,050 .
Comparisons of MARCUS CORP fiscal 2014 results to the prior year were favorably impacted by the fact that operating income during fiscal 2013 was negatively impacted by the resolution of all material lawsuits related to the Platinum Hotel Spa in Las Vegas , Nevada , which added $ 3.3 million of costs to MARCUS CORP fiscal 2013 operating results .
On April 26 , 2010 , MINISTRY PARTNERS INVESTMENT COMPANY , LLC formed Ministry Partners Securities , LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( MP Securities ) .
Moreover , even if GCP Applied Technologies Inc. ultimately succeed in recovering from Grace any amounts for which GCP Applied Technologies Inc. are held liable , GCP Applied Technologies Inc. may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves .
( 1 ) USANA HEALTH SCIENCES INC business in China is that of BabyCare , USANA HEALTH SCIENCES INC wholly - owned subsidiary .
William F. Oplinger , 50 , is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Alcoa Corporation .
From 2002 to 2005 , Mr. Milinazzo was the general manager of Medtronic , Inc. s coronary and peripheral vascular businesses .
Prior to joining BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC , Mr. Fencl was Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary for Outsourcing Solutions Inc , a national accounts receivable management firm from August 1998 to June 2008 .
RESOLVED : That for the purpose of signing the reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission with respect to the filing of ALABAMA POWER CO s Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 and its 2016 Quarterly Reports on Form 10 - Q , and any necessary or appropriate amendment or amendments to any such reports , ALABAMA POWER CO , the members of its Board of Directors and its officers be and hereby are authorized to give their several powers of attorney to Melissa K. Caen and Matthew D. Bozzelli .
After the IPO , the fair value of RSUs is determined by the market closing price of INSTRUCTURE INC common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of grant .
Ms. Boerum became the Chief Strategic Officer of ACCELERA INNOVATIONS , INC . in April 2012 .
Richard J. Mark Richard J. Mark Chairman and President ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
Essent Group Ltd. subsidiaries in the United States file a consolidated U.S. Federal income tax return .
Mr. Galik joined us in 1990 as a software developer and has served as President of Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. and IBG LLC since October 2014 .
To date , GENEREX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP have not been profitable and GENEREX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP accumulated net loss available to shareholders was $ 442,159,233 at April 30 , 2017 .
Essent Group Ltd. and its wholly - owned subsidiary , Essent Re , are domiciled in Bermuda , which does not have a corporate income tax .
Brent Suen Brent Suen Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
In the Merger , ITC Holdings shareholders received $ 22.57 in cash and 0.7520 Fortis common shares for each share of common stock of ITC Holdings ( the Merger consideration ) .
The LLC Agreement Amendment provides , among other things , that the Board of Managers will initially consist of Daniel G. Cohen , as chairman of the Operating LLC s board of managers , Lester R. Brafman ( the Company s current chief executive officer ) , and Joseph W. Pooler , Jr. ( the Company s current executive vice president , chief financial officer , and treasurer ) .
PBF Energy Inc. ( PBF Energy ) is the sole managing member of PBF LLC and , as of September 30 , 2017 , owned 96.6 % of the total economic interest in PBF LLC .
Mr. Rupert previously served as Chief Operating Officer of Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. sponsor from August 1999 through February 2008 .
The following table provides a summary comparison of Whitestone REIT results of operations and other metrics for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 ( dollars in thousands , except per share and per OP unit amounts ): .
Mr. Fourteau served as President of various divisions of St. Jude Medical , Inc. from 1995 to 2000 and as an Executive of Eli Lilly and Company prior to 1995 .
CITIZENS & NORTHERN CORP Corporate Officers J. Bradley Scovill President and CEO Mark A. Hughes Treasurer Kimberly N. Battin Corporate Secretary C N captured CITIZENS & NORTHERN CORP vision and mission When Endless Mountain Music Festival was first founded in 2005 , CITIZENS & NORTHERN CORP opened CITIZENS & NORTHERN CORP checking account with C N Bank .
The Joint Venture operates through a jointly - owned Chinese company located in Wuhu City , Anhui Province named Anhui Meineng Store Energy Co , Ltd. ( " Meineng Energy " ) .
PICO Holdings , Inc. Form 10 - Q For the Three Months Ended March 31 , 2017 .
CYBEROPTICS CORP also have entered into an agreement to supply Nordson Corporation ( Nordson ) with high - precision 3D sensor subsystems for the SMT market and have sold initial units for testing and demonstration purposes .
Stephen J. Smith Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
Grille revenues increased $ 2 . 4 million , or 10.0 % , to $ 2 6.3 million in the first quarter of fiscal 201 7 from $ 23.9 million in the first quarter of fiscal 201 6 .
Daina H. Hill Daina H. Hill , Director /s/
Connecticut Water will pay RWA $ 75,000 per year , for a total of 14 years , starting on the effective date of the agreement .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of New England Realty Associates Limited Partnership for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Ronald Brown , as President and Director of the Partnership s General Partner , NewReal , Inc , and Harold Brown , the President and a Director of the Partnership s General Partner , NewReal , Inc , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18.U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
In connection with the acquisition of 3PI , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into a lease agreement effective April 1 , 2014 , with a limited liability company in which one of the former owners of 3PI is the sole member .
Mr. Davis was elected Senior Vice President Phosphate Operations of Mosaic in July 2011 .
In addition , the U.S. International Trade Commission ( ITC ) has increasingly become an important forum to litigate intellectual property disputes because an ultimate loss for a company or its suppliers in an ITC action could result in a prohibition on importing infringing products into the U.S. Because the U.S. is an important market , a prohibition on importation could have an adverse effect on us , including preventing us from importing many important products into the U.S. or necessitating workarounds that may limit certain features of Alphabet Inc. products .
Within the United States , QualityTech , LP are located in some of the top U.S. data center markets plus other high - growth markets .
The following noteworthy items were included in Employers Holdings , Inc. 2015 results of operations : ( 1 ) favorable prior year accident year loss development of $ 7.2 million , including $ 9.0 million of favorable development on Employers Holdings , Inc. voluntary business , partially offset by $ 1.8 million of unfavorable development on Employers Holdings , Inc. assigned risk business , which decreased Employers Holdings , Inc. losses and LAE by the same amount ; ( 2 ) favorable development in the estimated reserves ceded under the LPT Agreement that resulted in a $ 6.4 million LPT Reserve Adjustment ; ( 3 ) an increase in the contingent commission receivable under the LPT Agreement , which resulted in a $ 2.6 million LPT Contingent Commission Adjustment ; and ( 4 ) a reallocation of $ 56.3 million of losses and LAE reserves from non - taxable periods prior to January 1 , 2000 , which reduced Employers Holdings , Inc. effective tax rate by 15.4 percentage points .
He also served US Senator Dianne Feinstein as Deputy State Finance Director for her initial Senatorial campaign .
As of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . did not accrue any material interest and penalties .
Settled Civil Litigation On August 25 , 2008 , MS Co. and two ratings agencies were named as defendants in a purported class action related to securities issued by a structured investment vehicle called Cheyne Finance PLC and Cheyne Finance LLC ( together , the Cheyne SIV ) .
On October 1 , 2012 , MARCUS CORP formed a joint venture to acquire The Cornhusker Hotel and Office Plaza ( now the Lincoln Marriott Cornhusker Hotel ) in Lincoln , Nebraska , a 297 - room , full - service hotel and seven - story office building .
In connection with its acquisition of the business assets of Unified Payments on April 16 , 2013 , Net Element , Inc. assumed several long - term debt obligations with an aggregate outstanding amount of $ 20.6 million which were subsequently paid off in 2014 .
Mr. Crane served as a director of Orion Healthcare , Inc. ( NASDAQ : ORNH ) from 2004 to 2008 , as a director of Pediatric Services of America ( NASDAQ : PSAI ) from 2003 to 2007 , and as a director of Alveolus Inc. from 2002 to 2008 .
include his business management education , more than forty years of direct industry experience and over thirty - five years of full - time employment as an executive of SIERRA MONITOR CORP /CA/. Varun Nagaraj joined Sierra Monitor Corporation as President and Chief Executive Officer in July 2014 , from Echelon Corporation ( ELON ) where he was senior vice president and general manager of the Industrial Internet of Things ( IIoT ) division .
On June 22 , 2016 , Daniel A. Goldin and Wally Goldin commenced an action in Oregon Circuit Court , Multnomah County , against Kaya Holdings , Inc , Marijuana Holdings Americas , Inc , its direct majority - owned subsidiary , Craig Frank , Kaya Holdings , Inc. s Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer , William David Jones , a consultant to Kaya Holdings , Inc. and BMN Capital Group , LLC , a limited liability company owned by Mr. Jones ( the Action ) .
The lease was assumed on March 14 , 2014 in connection with CYBEROPTICS CORP purchase of LDI and expires on April 30 , 2018 .
CHANNELADVISOR CORP is headquartered in Morrisville , North Carolina and has international offices in England , Ireland , Germany , Australia , Brazil , China and Spain .
On February 20 , 2014 , HSS and EchoStar entered into agreements with certain subsidiaries of DISH Network pursuant to which , effective March 1 , 2014 , ( i )
Under this agreement , Transco will provide SJRG with 10,000 dts / d of deliveries to New York and receipts at Leidy , PA .
Brendan Mackay Name : Brendan Mackay Title : Vice President and Director CITIBANK , N.A , as Administrative Agent and Issuing Lender By : /s/ Brendan Mackay Name : Brendan Mackay Title : Vice President and Director .
Mr. Marten also served as MARTEN TRANSPORT LTD President from June 1986 until June 2008 , MARTEN TRANSPORT LTD Chief Operating Officer from June 1986 until August 1998 and as a Vice President from October 1980 to June 1986 .
The following table accounts for Car Charging Group , Inc. s warrant activity for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 : .
Two real property cases have been filed against Energ a Costa Azul in which the plaintiffs seek to annul the recorded property titles for parcels on which the Energ a Costa Azul LNG terminal is situated and to obtain possession of different parcels that allegedly sit in the same place ; one of these cases was dismissed in September 2013 at the direction of the state appellate court .
Marion Dorsch , Blueprint Medicines Corp Chief Scientific Officer , Kathryn Haviland , Blueprint Medicines Corp Chief Business Officer , Michael Landsittel , Blueprint Medicines Corp Vice President of Finance , Tracey McCain , Blueprint Medicines Corp Chief Legal Officer , and Christopher Murray , Blueprint Medicines Corp Senior Vice President of Technical Operations , as well as the other principal members of Blueprint Medicines Corp management , scientific and clinical team .
Economic conditions in the U.S. and/or other countries where REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP operates have contributed and may continue to contribute to high unemployment levels , lower consumer spending and reduced credit availability .
William V. McMenamin has served as NAVISTAR INTERNATIONAL CORP President , Financial Services and Treasurer since August 2015 .
Mr. Morais , an active member of the State Bar of California since 1986 , served as co - chair of the Uniform Business Law Section of the State Bar of California and was inducted as a fellow of the American College of Commercial Finance Lawyers in 2010 .
In 2012 , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into a China - based joint venture with MAT Holdings , Inc. for the purpose of manufacturing , assembling and selling certain engines into the Asian market , initially focusing on the forklift market .
There can be no assurance that Liggett will prevail and that Liggett will not be required to make additional payments , which could materially adversely affect VECTOR GROUP LTD condensed consolidated financial position , results of operations or cash flows and the value of VECTOR GROUP LTD common stock .
The VIEs and a VIE s subsidiary also hire assembled work force on sales , research and development and operations whose costs are expensed as incurred .
Jarrett T. Disbrow , AYTU BIOSCIENCE , INC Chief Operating Officer , is the brother of Joshua R. Disbrow , AYTU BIOSCIENCE , INC Chief Executive Officer and a director .
Wowio , Inc. overall gross profit decreased by $ 48,079 from a gross profit of $ 48,079 for the three months ended September 30 , 2014 as compared to $ 0 for the three months ended September 30 , 2015 .
Principal of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc , its wholly - owned subsidiary Alta Disposal Ltd. and its 51 % owned subsidiary Alta Disposal Morinville Ltd. ( formerly Bluetap Resources Ltd. ) .
For 2015 , these decisions were based primarily on Mr. Schwarzman s and Mr. James s assessment of such named executive officer s individual performance , operational performance for the segments or product lines in which the officer serves or for which he has responsibility , and the officer s potential to enhance investment returns for the investors in Blackstone Group L.P. funds and service to Blackstone Group L.P. advisory clients , and to contribute to long - term unitholder value .
Over the next twelve months CLS Holdings USA , Inc. will require significant additional capital to cover CLS Holdings USA , Inc. projected cash flow deficits due to the repayment of the April 2015 Note , payments on the 8 % Note , payments on the loans from Jeffrey Binder , Frank Koretsky , and Newcan Investment Partners , LLC , the implementation of CLS Holdings USA , Inc. business plan , and the development of alternative revenue sources .
Specialized Products Total sales increased $ 26 million , or 4 % .
On January 21 , 2014 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into a securities purchase agreement with Auracana LLC , which was a majority stockholder of Orbital Tracking Corp. at that time and an entity owned by Glenn Kesner , pursuant to which it sold to Auracana LLC its inactive wholly owned subsidiaries H - Hybrid Technologies , Inc , a Florida corporation and RZ Acquisition Corp , a New York corporation .
deterioration of political relations between the U.S. and other countries , particularly Russia , Ukraine , China , and the Philippines ; and including the possibility of a breakdown in diplomatic relations between the U.S , the U.K , or the EU and Russia or sanctions implemented by the U.S , the U.K , or the EU against Russia or vice versa , which could have a material adverse effect on RingCentral Inc third - party software development operations in Russia ; and .
On June 28 , 2016 , Cardiovascular Systems Inc entered into a Settlement Agreement with the U.S. government , acting through the U.S. Attorney s Office for the Western District of North Carolina ( the DOJ ) and on behalf of the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services ( the OIG ) and Travis Thams to resolve the DOJ investigation of whether Cardiovascular Systems Inc violated the False Claims Act .
WITNESSETH WHEREAS , BREP OMP Associates L.P. was formed as a Delaware limited partnership on February 26 , 2014 ; WHEREAS , the General Partner and the Initial Limited Partner entered into a Limited Partnership Agreement dated as of February 26 , 2014 ( the Original Agreement WHEREAS , the parties hereto now wish to amend and restate the Original Agreement in its entirety as hereinafter set forth , including to reflect the withdrawal of the Initial Limited Partner ; NOW , THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein made and intending to be legally bound , the parties hereto hereby agree that the Original Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows : Section 1.1 .
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of the management of the Managing Owner , including Andrew Schlossberg , its Principal Executive Officer , and Steven Hill , its Financial and Accounting Officer , Investment Pools , the Fund carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures ( as defined in Rule 13a-15(e ) or 15d-15(e ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ( the Exchange Act ) ) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report , and , based upon that evaluation , Andrew Schlossberg , the Principal Executive Officer of the Managing Owner , and Steven Hill , the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , Investment Pools , of the Managing Owner , concluded that the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information the Fund is required to disclose in the reports that it files or submits with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the SEC ) under the Exchange Act is recorded , processed , summarized and reported , within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms , and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Fund in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management of the Managing Owner , including its Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer , as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure .
Kirk Dove Chief Operating Officer and President .
In February 2014 , Products Corporation entered into an amendment ( the February 2014 Term Loan Amendment ) to its amended term loan agreement among Products Corporation , as borrower , a syndicate of lenders and Citicorp USA , Inc. ( CUSA ) , as administrative agent and collateral agent .
On May 24 , 2016 LIFEAPPS BRANDS INC . granted and issued an aggregate of 15,000,000 non - statutory stock options under LIFEAPPS BRANDS INC . 2012 Equity Incentive Plan to four persons including LIFEAPPS BRANDS INC . Chief Executive Officer , Robert Gayman ( 6,000,000 options ) , Directors Lawrence P. Roan ( 3,000,000 options ) and Dr. Howard Fuller ( 1,000,000 options ) and a Consultant , Gregory P. Hanson ( 5,000,000 options ) .
As of June 30 , 2017 , IDERA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . had an accumulated deficit of $ 575.0 million .
Terrorist attacks and other acts of violence or war , and natural disasters ( such as hurricanes , pandemic health crises , etc . ) , have negatively affect and could negatively affect U.S. and foreign companies , the financial markets , the industries where LSB INDUSTRIES INC operate , LSB INDUSTRIES INC operations and LSB INDUSTRIES INC profitability .
Additionally , Citibank , N.A. increased its commitment under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility from $ 25.0 million to $ 35.0 million which increases the aggregate lending commitments available under the Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility from $ 60.0 million to $ 70.0 million .
On December 2 , 2016 , Tecnoglass Inc. acquired 100 % of the stock of ESW LLC , 85.06 % of which was acquired directly by Tecnoglass and 14.94 % by Tecnoglass Inc. subsidiary ES , for a total purchase price of $ 13,500 , which consisted of ( i ) 734,400 ordinary shares issued in connection with the transaction for approximately $ 9,200 based on a stock price of $ 12.50 , ( ii ) approximately $ 2,300 in cash , and ( iii ) approximately $ 2,000 related to the assignment of certain accounts receivable from Ventana Solar S.A. ( VS ) .
William D. Dittmar , Jr , a director of Virginia National Bankshares Corp , is the manager and indirect owner of Pantops Park , LLC .
Mr. Reusser has been Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer since March 2014 , and served as President and Chief Executive Officer from October 2013 to March 2014 .
Shane Drdul Shane Drdul Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Executive Officer , Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer ) .
Gregory M. Krzemien , Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer . ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
Mr. Hansen has served as the Corporate Controller of AxoGen , Inc. since November 2011 and the Corporate Controller of AC since June 2006 .
( Merger Sub ) , a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of iFresh , and NYM Holding , Inc. ( NYM ) , the stockholders of NYM , and Long Deng , as representative of the stockholders of NYM .
Beginning in 2014 , Essent Re entered into risk share insurance and reinsurance transactions with Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae .
Nucor s 50 % share of the total net assets of Duferdofin Nucor was $ 93.0 million at December 31 , 2015 , resulting in a basis difference of $ 165.2 million due to the step - up to fair value of certain assets and liabilities attributable to Duferdofin Nucor as well as the identification of goodwill ( $ 84.1 million ) and finite - lived intangible assets .
W. Thomas Morris , II Name : W. Thomas Morris , II Title : Vice President .
By : Mark A. Casale Title : President and CEO .
Income Taxes SunOpta Inc. are liable for income taxes in the U.S , Canada , and other jurisdictions where SunOpta Inc. operate .
Prior to salesforce , Mr. Lautenbach served in a variety of roles over 19 years at IBM , most recently serving as Vice President , West IMT for the Software Group .
Dr. Joseph N. Forkey , son of Richard E. Forkey , has served as PRECISION OPTICS CORPORATION , INC . Chief Executive Officer , President and Treasurer since February 8 , 2011 .
One renewal term of five years Hotel RL Washington DC ( 1 ) .
As of December 31 , 2014 , Hatteras Financial Corp
From September 2014 through October 2016 , Mr. Brauser also served as Chairman of Cousins Logistics , Inc. and from October 2016 through the present he has served as its Chief Executive Officer .
Prior to joining ALAMO GROUP INC , Mr. Rizzuti previously served from 2010 to 2015 as Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary for Erickson Incorporated , a publicly traded aircraft manufacturing and operating company based in Portland , Oregon .
The increase in other revenue of $ 36 million , or 22.8 % , for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 , compared to the same period in 2016 , was primarily attributable to an increase in JETBLUE AIRWAYS CORP loyalty revenue from JETBLUE AIRWAYS CORP co - brand credit card agreement .
Our expenditures allocated to OWC Pharmaceutical Research Corp. corporate activities conducted through OWC Pharmaceutical Research Corp. facilities in Petach Tikva were $ 39,752 for the year ended December 31 , 2016 and OWC Pharmaceutical Research Corp. expect will be approximately $ 40,000 for the year ending December 31 , 2017 .
Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd. license agreement with BMS further provides that any sublicense , other than to an affiliate or a third - party manufacturer , requires BMS prior written consent , not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed .
Mr. Pinney is a graduate of the University of New Orleans with a Master of Science degree in Earth Science and a graduate of the University of Virginia with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and History .
On February 29 , 2016 , ACTIVECARE , INC . entered into an amended and restated consulting agreement with ADP Management ( " ADP " ) , an entity controlled by the former Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors David Derrick ( the " ADP Agreement " ) .
Kraft Heinz Co also incur expenses that are an integral component of , and directly attributable to , Kraft Heinz Co restructuring activities , which do not qualify as exit and disposal costs under U.S. GAAP .
MAJESTIC OIL & GAS values its stock options awarded on or after January 1 , 2006 at the fair value at grant date using the Black - Scholes option pricing model .
As a result , in future quarters Medidata Solutions , Inc. operating results could fall below the expectations of securities analysts or investors , in which event Medidata Solutions , Inc. stock price would likely decrease .
Mr. Fante is currently a non - executive Director of the privately held biotech company Inhibikase Therapeutics Inc. Lesley Russell , MB.CH.B , MRCP has been Innocoll Holdings plc Chief Medical Officer since April 2016 .
As of January 31 , 2017 , URBAN OUTFITTERS INC operated 225 Anthropologie Group stores , of which 201 were located in the United States , 13 were located in Canada and 11 were located in Europe .
ALABAMA POWER CO and the traditional operating companies generally settle amounts related to the above transactions on a monthly basis in the month following the performance of such services or the purchase or sale of electricity .
Kraton Corp effective tax rates differ from the U.S. corporate statutory tax rate of 35.0 % , primarily due to the mix of Kraton Corp pretax income or loss generated in various jurisdictions , permanent items , uncertain tax positions , and changes in Kraton Corp valuation allowances .
The Amended and Restated Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement between Eastman Kodak Company , Qualex , Inc , Kodak ( Near East ) , Inc , KPP Trustees Limited , as Trustee for the Kodak Pension Plan of the United Kingdom , and , solely for the purposes of Section 11.4 , KPP Holdco Limited , dated August 30 , 2013 ( Amended SAPA ) and certain related agreements permit the KPP Purchasing Parties to use the Kodak name and brand in its operation of the PI / DI Business on a going - forward basis .
On December 21 , 2015 , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . entered into an Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement ( the Amended and Restated Securities Purchase Agreement ) with SSS , pursuant to which YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . agreed to issue 4,545,454 shares of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . common stock for $ 2.20 per share , or a total purchase price of $ 10.0 million to SSS .
Richard H. Sain , former Senior Vice President of Retail Pharmacy Business Development , owns the land and building occupied by one of Fred s Xpress Pharmacy locations .
Hemp Naturals , Inc. unaudited interim financial statements and related public financial information are based on the application of accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( " US GAAP " ) .
History and Organization Plata Resources , Inc. were incorporated on July 17 , 2007 under the laws of the State of Nevada .
Fertilizer production is China Green Agriculture , Inc. core business and China Green Agriculture , Inc. generated approximately $ 211,088,271 , $ 260,378,357 , and $ 259,030,774 , or 74 % , 96.9 % , and 98.4 % of China Green Agriculture , Inc. total revenues for the years ended June 30 , 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , respectively .
Net revenues from the sale of power semiconductors decreased by $ 6.4 million , or 3.8 % ; IXYS CORP /DE/ net revenues from the sale of ICs decreased by $ 7.5 million , or 10.7 % ; and IXYS CORP /DE/ net revenues from the sale of systems and RF power semiconductor devices decreased by $ 4.5 million , or 23.5 % .
Therefore , these Condensed Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and related Notes included in Alliant Energy s 2015 Form 10 - K , Part II , Item 8 , which is incorporated herein by reference .
James M. Cassidy resigned as DDTI 's president , secretary and director and James McKillop resigned as DDTI 's vice president and director .
Mr. Parrett is a Certified Public Accountant with an active license .
ICON ECI Fund Sixteen ( the Fund ) was formed on October 11 , 2012 as a Delaware statutory trust .
I , Karen A. Puckett , President and Chief Executive Officer of Harte Hanks , Inc. ( the Company ) , hereby certify that the accompanying report on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof pursuant to Section 13(a ) or Section 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( the Report ) by HARTE HANKS INC fully complies with the requirements of those sections .
If the RPII ( determined on a gross basis ) of Essent Reinsurance Ltd. were to equal or exceed 20 % of Essent Reinsurance Ltd. 's gross insurance income in any taxable year and direct or indirect policyholders ( and persons related to those policyholders ) own directly or indirectly through entities 20 % or more of the voting power or value of Essent Group Ltd , then a U.S. Person who owns any shares of Essent Reinsurance Ltd. ( directly or indirectly through non - U.S. entities ) on the last day of the taxable year on which it is an RPII CFC would be required to include in its income for U.S. Federal income tax purposes such person 's pro rata share of Essent Reinsurance Ltd. 's RPII for the entire taxable year , determined as if such RPII were distributed proportionately only to U.S. Persons at that date regardless of whether such income is distributed , in which case your investment could be materially adversely affected .
Edgar Huber Edgar Huber /s/ Becky Gebhardt _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ CEO / President Becky Gebhardt .
On December 21 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into a Placement Agent Agreement with Chardan Capital Markets LLC , as Agent , pursuant to which the Placement Agent agreed to serve as the non - exclusive placement agent for Orbital Tracking Corp. in connection with any private placement from December 21 , 2015 through January 15 , 2017 .
/s/ Vanessa Kao . Vanessa Kao . Chief Financial Officer .
In addition , various SEI subsidiaries are subject to the jurisdiction of regulatory authorities in Canada , the Republic of Ireland and other foreign countries .
In August 2016 , Microphase West operations were transferred to the Shelton Connecticut plant .
In January 2014 , CENTENE CORP acquired a majority interest in U.S. Medical Management , LLC , a management services organization and provider of in - home health services for high acuity populations .
Financing Activities by CAPRICOR THERAPEUTICS , INC . May 2017 Financing .
Ms. McSharry currently serves as a non - executive director on the boards of directors of several public and private companies , including CRH plc , an international building materials group , and Greencore Group plc , an international manufacturer of convenience foods , where she also serves as Chair of its remuneration committee .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Occidental Petroleum Corporation ( the Company ) for the fiscal period ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 1 , 2017 ( the Report ) , Vicki Hollub , as Chief Executive Officer of OCCIDENTAL PETROLEUM CORP /DE/ , and Cedric W. Burgher , as Chief Financial Officer of OCCIDENTAL PETROLEUM CORP /DE/ , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of her or his knowledge : .
Prior to joining Pieris , Dr. Matis served since June 2011 as Executive Director , Strategic Evaluation at Alexion Pharmaceuticals , where he also served from 1993 to 2000 , during which time he advanced to the position of Chief Scientific Officer and had a leading role in discovering the first - in - class complement inhibitor monoclonal antibody Soliris ( eculizumab ) .
For the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , Medicare revenues related to Medicare Advantage Plans were $ 170.4 million , $ 146.9 million and $ 133.0 million , respectively , or 25.3 % , 22.4 % and 19.5 % as a percentage of total Medicare revenues , respectively .
Exhibit 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 Gary S. Olson , Chief Executive Officer and President of ESSA Bancorp , Inc , a Pennsylvania corporation ( the Company ) and Allan A. Muto , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of ESSA Bancorp , Inc , each certify in his capacity as an officer of ESSA Bancorp , Inc. that he has reviewed the quarterly report on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 ( the Report ) and
On December 21 , 2016 , Propanc Biopharma , Inc. entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Eagle Equities pursuant to which Eagle Equities purchased two 8 % convertible redeemable junior subordinated promissory notes , each in the principal amount of $ 157,500 .
Ms. Perrotty joined First Union through the merger with Corestates Bank where she served as executive vice president and head of IT and Operations from April 1996 until November 1998 .
On January 10 , 2012 Oroplata incorporated a wholly - owned subsidiary under the laws of the Dominican Republic named Oroplata Exploraciones E Ingenieria , Orexi , SRL in order to hold the mineral rights to a claim named Leomary Gold Claim .
As of September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , FIRST HAWAIIAN , INC . held FHLB stock of $ 10.1 million which is recorded as a component of other assets in FIRST HAWAIIAN , INC . unaudited consolidated balance sheets .
As a result of the changes in revenues and costs of goods sold discussed above , Acacia Diversified Holdings , Inc. s gross profit increased from a loss of $ 41,289 for the three months ended June 30 , 2016 to $ 62,716 , or 47 % of revenues for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 .
From 2009 to 2011 , Mr. Polinsky was the Chief Financial Officer and a director of RX Exploration Inc , a company that successfully re opened the previous old historic Drumlummon gold mine in
/s/ Lauri E. Fernald Lauri E. Fernald , Director /s/
On April 17 , 2012 , Mr. Vagner Gomes Tome , Line Up Advertisement , Inc. former executive officer and former director , incorporated Line Up Advertisement , Inc. in the State of Nevada and established a fiscal year end of April 30th .
If SKYWEST INC code share agreements with Delta or United SKYWEST INC re terminated , SKYWEST INC would be significantly impacted and likely would not have an immediate source of revenue or earnings to offset such loss .
Together with his brother , Ross Dove , Mr. Dove joined Heritage Global Inc. when HGI acquired HGP in February 2012 .
The personnel reduction costs of $ 1.4 million consist of $ 0.4 million in headcount reductions related to the shut - down of operations for KFM in Knoxville , Tennessee , $ 0.4 million related to the consolidation of certain Solid Capacitor manufacturing in Matamoros , Mexico , $ 0.3 million in U.S. headcount reductions related to the relocation of global marketing functions to KEMET CORP s Fort Lauderdale , Florida office , $ 0.2 million related to overhead reductions corresponding with the relocation of research and development ( R D ) operations from Weymouth , England to Evora , Portugal , and $ 0.1 million in manufacturing headcount reductions related to the relocation of the K - Salt operations to the existing Matamoros , Mexico plant .
In addition , some of SEI INVESTMENTS CO foreign subsidiaries are registered with , and subject to the oversight of , regulatory authorities primarily in the United Kingdom , the Republic of Ireland and Canada .
Dynamic Enviro , Inc. ( the " Company " ) , was incorporated in the state of Florida on October 28 , 2014 .
The limited liability company agreement of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner provides that at such time as Mr. Schwarzman should cease to be a founder , Hamilton E. James will thereupon succeed Mr. Schwarzman as the sole founding member of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner , and thereafter such power will revert to the members of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner ( our senior managing directors ) holding a majority in interest in Blackstone Group L.P. general partner .
Chief President Bear and Chief Financial Officer , has evaluated the effectiveness of BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC disclosure controls and procedures ( as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e ) and 15d-15(e ) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ( the Exchange Act ) ) , as of the end of the period covered by this report .
The one - time net deferred tax expense of $ 321.1 million consists of ( a ) the recognition of deferred tax liabilities of approximately $ 462.3 million , primarily related to differences between the book and tax basis for fixed and intangible assets , ( b ) the recognition of deferred tax assets of approximately $ 14.0 million , primarily related to tax basis only intangibles , and ( c ) as a result of the change in La Quinta Holdings Inc. s tax status , a tax benefit of $ 127.2 million related to the reduction in valuation allowance , primarily associated with La Quinta Predecessor Entities net operating losses and tax credits .
To facilitate compliance with certain requirements of the UK Space Agency with respect to the development of EchoStar s mobile satellite services business in Europe , Hughes Satellite Systems Corp subsidiary , Hughes Network Systems , Ltd. ( HNS Ltd. ) and a subsidiary of EchoStar , EchoStar Operating L.L.C. ( EOC ) , entered into an agreement in June 2015 to transfer to HNS Ltd , EOC s launch service contract for the EchoStar XXI satellite and to grant HNS Ltd. certain rights to control the in - orbit operations of the satellite .
I , Edward A. Barth , Principal Executive Officer of Concrete Leveling Systems Inc , and I , Suzanne I. Barth , Principal Financial Officer of Concrete Leveling Systems Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 USC Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of my knowledge and belief .
The following table sets forth , for the periods indicated , the high and low intra - day sales prices of Essent Group Ltd. common shares as reported by the NYSE for the years ended December 31 , 2014 and 2015 : .
LIFEPOINT HEALTH , INC . is not now aware of any instance in which Mr. Gilbert failed to comply with the provisions of the Integrity Guidelines or Code of Conduct .
Cindy Robbins has served as SALESFORCE COM INC Executive Vice President , Global Employee Success since July 2015 .
During 2015 , 2014 and 2013 WASTE MANAGEMENT INC settled various tax audits .
Dr. Anderson received the Kinnard Young Scholar Award from the American Real Estate Society , an award which recognizes outstanding real estate scholarship for young academics , served as the Executive Director for the American Real Estate Society , was named a Homer Hoyt Fellow and a NAIOP Distinguished Fellow , and has been invited to guest lecture at leading global universities .
However , CPI Card Group Inc. certificate of incorporation contains provisions that have the same effect as Section 203 , except that they provide that the Tricor Funds , their affiliates ( including any investment funds managed by Tricor ) and any person that becomes an interested stockholder as a result of a transfer of 5 % or more of CPI Card Group Inc. voting stock by the forgoing persons to such person are excluded from the interested stockholder definition in CPI Card Group Inc. certificate of incorporation and are therefore not subject to the restrictions set forth therein that have the same effect as Section 203 .
The decrease in FBR & Co. net results in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to a $ 44.2 million decrease in investment banking revenue .
In the near term , a weaker British pound compared to the U.S. dollar during a reporting period causes local currency results of AstroNova , Inc. U.K. operations to be translated into fewer U.S. dollars ; a weaker British pound compared to other currencies increases the cost of goods imported into AstroNova , Inc. U.K. operations and may decrease the profitability of AstroNova , Inc. U.K. operations ; and a higher U.K. interest rate may have a dampening effect on the U.K. economy .
Non - GAAP Measures Information ENTEGRIS INC s consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) .
Corporate Officers David Dunbar President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas D. DeByle Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Alan J. Glass Vice President , Chief Legal Officer and Secretary Stacey S. Constas Corporate Governance Officer and Assistant Secretary Sean Valashinas Chief Accounting Officer and Assistant Treasurer Christopher J. Seiler Tax Director Ross McGovern Vice President , Human Resources Paul Burns Vice President of Strategy and Business Development .
FUSE ENTERPRISES INC . directors , Umesh Patel and Michael Viotto , serve as FUSE ENTERPRISES INC . CEO and CFO , respectively .
Pfizer may terminate the agreement prior to expiration for any reason in its entirety or on a target - by - target basis upon 30 days prior written notice to us .
PM USA had previously settled the NPM Adjustment disputes for the years 2003 - 2014 with 24 of the 52 MSA states and territories and , in April 2017 , settled the 2004 - 2014 NPM Adjustment disputes with Rhode Island and Oregon ( these 26 states and territories are referred to as the signatory states , and the remaining MSA states and territories are referred to as the non - signatory states ) .
Steven A. Thomas is the son of Basil A. Thomas , a former member of SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC Board of Directors , who resigned during 2013 .
Dr. Nicholas Plotnikoff Dr. Plotnikoff has served as Immune Therapeutics , Inc. non - voting , Non - Executive Chairman of the Board since March 2012 .
The decrease of $ 1.4 million used in financing activities is the result of a $ 1.7 million decrease in cash used in connection with SELECTA BIOSCIENCES INC IPO related activities in 2016 combined with an increase in net cash received of $ 0.4 million from the exercise of employee stock options offset by the $ 0.7 million of loan principle payments made during the three months ended March 31 , 2017 .
Global Solutions purchased transportation costs increased by $ 120.6 million , or 110.9 % , to $ 229.3 million in 2014 from $ 108.7 million in 2013 , and increased as a percentage of Global Solutions revenue to 73.7 % in 2014 from 70.6 % in 2013 .
Summit Inc. was formed as a Delaware corporation on September 23 , 2014 .
Jay Debertin President and Chief Executive Officer Timothy Skidmore Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Shirley Cunningham Executive Vice President , Ag Business and Enterprise Strategy James Zappa Executive Vice President and General Counsel Darin Hunhoff Executive Vice President , Energy and Foods Carl Casale Former President and Chief Executive Officer .
On December 4 , 2013 , ZENOSENSE , INC . entered into the License Agreement with Sgenia Industrial S.L. and its subsidiaries , Sgenia Soluciones S.L and ZENON Biosystem S.L ( collectively , " Sgenia " ) for the development of an MRSA / SA detection device and cancer detective device and other improvements and variations to the devices ( the " Sgenia Products " ) , to be based on the Sgenia sensory technology .
President , Chief Executive Officer and Director , Dexter Caliso , 24,000,000 post split common shares for total consideration of $ 1,200 ; and ( ii ) Plata Resources , Inc. Chief Financial Officer , Secretary - Treasurer and a Director , Presentacion Coranes , 16,000,000 post - split shares for total consideration of $ 800 .
Prior to becoming Chief Technology Officer , Mr. DiFonzo served as Senior Vice President of Enterprise Mobility Solutions , Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer , Vice President of Operations and Vice President of Advanced Product Development .
Certification of Thomas J. Nimbley , Chief Executive Officer of PBF Holding Company LLC pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a ) , as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
Consequently , REVA Medical , Inc. operating results through March 31 , 2017 primarily consisted of research and development expenses , which include the costs to perform clinical trials , general and administrative expenses , and other expenses that are largely the costs underlying the convertible notes that REVA Medical , Inc. issued in November 2014 .
Mr. Thompson joined Adobe in January 2007 as Senior Vice President , Worldwide Field Operations .
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses Guaranty Bancorp s condensed consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America for interim financial information and with the rules and regulations of the SEC .
The Wells Credit Agreement ( a ) provided an initial maximum $ 75.0 million revolving line of credit to POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC , which , at POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s request and subject to the terms of the Wells Credit Agreement , could have been increased up to $ 100.0 million during the term of the Wells Credit Agreement ; ( b ) bore interest at the Wells Fargo Bank s prime rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 0 % to 0.50 % ; or at POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . s option , all or a portion of the revolving line of credit could have been designated to bear interest at LIBOR plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.50 % to 2.00 % ; ( c ) had an unused line fee of 0.25 % and ( d ) required POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . to report its fixed charge coverage ratio , when its Availability ( as defined in the Wells Credit Agreement ) was less than the Threshold Amount ( as defined in the Wells Credit Agreement ) and to continue to report its fixed charge coverage ratio until the date that Availability for a period of 60 consecutive days , was greater than or equal to the Threshold Amount .
BIOTIME INC operating losses for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and for the fiscal years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 , were $ 29.3 million , $ 59 million and $ 65.8 million , respectively , and BIOTIME INC had an accumulated deficit of $ 144.4 million as of September 30 , 2017 .
From 2007 to 2012 , Mr. Mahmood served as President and CEO at Parkson Corporation , a water and wastewater treatment equipment manufacturer .
Kodak expects an impairment of the Kodak trade name related to the sale of the Prosper business .
As of September 30 , 2017 , HNA and Blackstone beneficially owned approximately 25.7 percent and 10.2 percent of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. common stock , respectively .
CYBEROPTICS CORP lease a 50,724 square foot mixed office and warehouse facility built to CYBEROPTICS CORP specifications in Golden Valley , Minnesota , which functions as CYBEROPTICS CORP corporate headquarters and primary manufacturing facility for all of CYBEROPTICS CORP sensor products , including those used in CYBEROPTICS CORP SMT inspection system products .
NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( continued ) ( in thousands , except share and per share data ) Assets and liabilities of MKS INSTRUMENTS INC are measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June 30 , 2017 and are summarized as follows : .
Mr. Monster is Founder , Chairman and CEO of Epik LLC and Managing Director of Monster Venture Partners LLC .
Under Phase IV of the program , covering the period January 2014 through December 2016 , Quorum Health Corp recognized $ 11.5 million of Medicaid revenues and $ 2.7 million of provider taxes for the three months ended September 30 , 2016 and $ 33.9 million of Medicaid revenues and $ 8.2 million of provider taxes for the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 .
On August 29 , 2015 , TRW issued negotiable promissory notes to three fund companies and one individual for $ 3,450,000 and Sino Agro Food , Inc. acted as guarantor for repayment .
As described above , the consequences of complying with the foregoing restrictions , covenants and limitations under Products Corporation s various debt agreements , including the Amended Credit Agreements and the 5 % Senior Notes Indenture , could have a material adverse effect on REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s business , financial condition and/or results of operations .
Mr. Isaacson was elected to Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in August 2015 and previously served as Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since August 2014 .
CLOROX CO /DE/ s cash position includes amounts held by foreign subsidiaries and , as a result , the repatriation of certain cash balances from some of CLOROX CO /DE/ s foreign subsidiaries could result in additional tax costs in the United States and in certain foreign jurisdictions .
Effective March 2 , 2015 , ADDENTAX GROUP CORP . entered into a Loan Agreement with Otmane Tajmouati , ADDENTAX GROUP CORP . s sole officer and director .
ABIOMED INC are seeking to expand ABIOMED INC international sales of ABIOMED INC products by recruiting direct sales and support teams outside the U.S. ABIOMED INC international operations in Germany , France , Canada , Japan , the United Kingdom and Singapore are or will be subject to a number of risks , which may vary from the risks ABIOMED INC experience in the U.S , including : .
As of June 30 , 2017 , and December 31 , 2016 , HUNTINGTON INGALLS INDUSTRIES , INC . Table of Contents .
Factors that might cause NUCOR CORP s actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in forward - looking statements include , but are not limited to : ( 1 ) competitive pressure on sales and pricing , including pressure from imports and substitute materials ; ( 2 ) U.S. and foreign trade policies affecting steel imports or exports ; ( 3 ) the sensitivity of the results of NUCOR CORP . operations to prevailing steel prices and changes in the supply and cost of raw materials , including pig iron , iron ore and scrap steel ; ( 4 ) availability and cost of electricity and natural gas which could negatively affect NUCOR CORP cost of steel production or could result in a delay or cancelation of existing or future drilling within NUCOR CORP natural gas working interest drilling programs ; ( 5 ) critical equipment failures and business interruptions ; ( 6 ) market demand for steel products , which , in the case of many of NUCOR CORP products , is driven by the level of nonresidential construction activity in the U.S. ; ( 7 ) impairment in the recorded value of inventory , equity investments , fixed assets , goodwill or other long - lived assets ; ( 8) uncertainties surrounding the global economy , including the severe economic downturn in construction markets and excess world capacity for steel production ; ( 9 ) fluctuations in currency conversion rates ; ( 10 ) significant changes in laws or government regulations affecting environmental compliance , including legislation and regulations that result in greater regulation of greenhouse gas emissions that could increase NUCOR CORP energy costs and NUCOR CORP capital expenditures and operating costs or cause one or more of NUCOR CORP permits to be revoked or make it more difficult to obtain permit modifications ; ( 11 ) the cyclical nature of the steel industry ; ( 12 ) capital investments and their impact on NUCOR CORP performance ; and ( 13 ) NUCOR CORP safety performance .
Prior to joining AxoGen , Dr. Friedman held several regulatory and quality leadership positions at Enable Medical Corporation , a medical device company , including Director of Quality Assurance from 1997 to 1998 and Vice President of Quality and Regulatory from 1998 to 2001 and from 2004 to 2005 .
ACRO BIOMEDICAL CO , LTD . face significant risks in implementing ACRO BIOMEDICAL CO , LTD . business plan including , but not limited to , ACRO BIOMEDICAL CO , LTD . ability to raise the necessary financing either through the sale of debt or equity securities or through a loan facility , ACRO BIOMEDICAL CO , LTD . ability to hire and retain qualified research and development , marketing and administrative personnel , ACRO BIOMEDICAL CO , LTD . ability to develop products and to market in the United States and other western markets any products ACRO BIOMEDICAL CO , LTD . may develop , ACRO BIOMEDICAL CO , LTD . ability to comply with any government regulations relating to the manufacture , distribution and marketing any products ACRO BIOMEDICAL CO , LTD . develop .
The Credit Agreement is secured by a guarantee of each U.S. subsidiary of CORE MOLDING TECHNOLOGIES INC , and by a lien on substantially all of the present and future assets of CORE MOLDING TECHNOLOGIES INC and its U.S. subsidiaries , except that only 65 % of the stock issued by Corecomposites de Mexico , S. de R.L. de C.V. has been pledged .
WHEREAS , Blackstone Real Estate Associates VIII L.P. was formed as a Delaware limited partnership on October 22 , 2014 ; WHEREAS , the General Partner and the Initial Limited Partner entered into a Limited Partnership Agreement dated as of October 22 , 2014 ( the Original Agreement WHEREAS , the parties hereto now wish to amend and restate the Original Agreement in its entirety as hereinafter set forth ; NOW , THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein made and intending to be legally bound , the parties hereto hereby agree that the Original Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows : ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS Section 1.1 .
In addition , SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO may be required to pay U.S. income taxes on earnings that are not repatriated if legislation being discussed on this matter is passed .
Sempra Mexico also owns a 50 - percent interest in a joint venture with PEMEX ( Petr leos Mexicanos , the Mexican state - owned oil company ) that operates several natural gas pipelines and propane and ethane systems in Mexico .
The land had a book value of approximately $ 600,000 at December 31 , 2015 and is included in Utility Plant on CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT s Consolidated Balance Sheets .
Exhibit 10.9 Counsel RB Capital Inc. ( the Company hereby grants to the option holder set forth below an option to purchase the number of shares of Heritage Global Inc. s common stock as set forth below .
In September 2013 , EBC , as an assignee of CBF , made a $ 4,000 investment in the Company .
CHEGG , INC net losses for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 were $ 11.5 million and $ 16.1 million , respectively , and for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 were $ 23.9 million and $ 40.8 million , respectively .
Under this program , RAYMOND JAMES FINANCIAL INC enter into forward commitments to purchase Government National Mortgage Association ( GNMA ) or Federal National Home Mortgage Association ( FNMA ) MBS .
Mr. Rady began his career with Amoco where he served 10 years as a geologist focused on the Rockies and Mid Continent .
In 2012 , Tronox Ltd Class B ordinary shares ( Class B Shares ) were issued to Exxaro Resources Limited ( Exxaro ) and one of its subsidiaries in consideration for 74 % of Exxaro s South African mineral sands business .
Currently , TAILORED BRANDS INC expect TAILORED BRANDS INC effective tax rate in future periods to be lower than the statutory U.S. combined federal and state tax rate based on the expected geographic mix of earnings .
Trends Affecting Carlyle Group L.P. Business Carlyle Group L.P. results of operations , particularly Carlyle Group L.P. quarterly results , are affected by a variety of factors , including global economic , market and financial conditions , particularly in the United States , Europe and Asia .
A $ 10 thousand monthly director fee for Peter Benz , Chairman , effective for calendar 2016 .
( iii ) DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF GRAYBAR ELECTRIC CO INC . K. M. Mazzarella Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer and Director D. A. Bender Director S. S. Clifford Senior Vice President Supply Chain Management and Director M. W. Geekie Senior Vice President , Secretary and General Counsel and Director R. R. Harwood Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Director R. C. Lyons Director W. P. Mansfield Senior Vice President Marketing and Director D. G. Maxwell Senior Vice President Sales , and Director B. L. Propst Senior Vice President Human Resources and Director J. N. Reed Vice President and Treasurer .
Contract services and supplies increased by $ 2.6 million related to the continued advancement of Immune Design Corp. collaboration with Sanofi Pasteur which began in the fourth quarter of 2014 and licensing costs increased by $ 2.2 million primarily related to Immune Design Corp. amended agreements with IDRI for rights to GLA and SLA , of which Immune Design Corp. paid a $ 2.5 million upfront payment in December 2015 .
Kurt R. Stevenson Name : Kurt R. Stevenson Title : President and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) Date : May 10 , 2017 .
The following table shows the expected expiration dates in the United States and Europe of the last - to - expire period of exclusivity ( primary patent or regulatory approval ) related to CELGENE CORP /DE/ primary marketed drug products .
Together with his brother , Kirk Dove , Mr. Dove joined Heritage Global Inc. when HGI acquired HGP in February 2012 .
A decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any one quarter is not likely to be reflected immediately in INSTRUCTURE INC revenue results for that quarter .
The notional volumes of these swaps are based on a portion of projected annual exposure to gas for electric generation at Entergy Louisiana and Entergy Mississippi and projected winter purchases for gas distribution at Entergy Louisiana and Entergy New Orleans .
In addition to XILINX INC U.S. operations , XILINX INC also have significant international operations , including foreign sales offices to support XILINX INC international customers and distributors , XILINX INC regional headquarters in Ireland and Singapore and an R D site in India .
The following tables provide information about the fair value of ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO risk management activities reported on a gross basis , and the impacts of offsetting as of June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 .
By : Nasa A Holdings GP , LLC , its General Partner . By : Name : Ryan Shockley Title : President .
On August 9 , 2011 , AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES INC terminated AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES INC interest rate swap contracts related to AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES INC 2020 senior notes that represented the notional amount of $ 500 million .
From 2006 until his retirement in 2008 , Mr. Fuller served as Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of USANA Health Sciences , Inc , a multinational manufacturer and direct seller of nutritional supplements .
ACTIVECARE , INC . believe that Mr. Dalton 's prior experience as a president and director of a public company , and in particular , of ACTIVECARE , INC .
Macquarie Infrastructure Corp acquired a 50 % interest in IMTT from the firm s founding family in May 2006 and operated the business on a joint basis through July 15 , 2014 .
In September 2009 , PARKS AMERICA , INC filed an action against Larry Eastland , its former President and CEO , in the Eighth Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada ( Parks !
ExpressJet s operating revenue decreased by $ 119.5 million , or 8.1 % , for the 2014 year compared to the 2013 year .
CONNECTURE INC are headquartered in Brookfield , Wisconsin , where CONNECTURE INC lease approximately 32,000 square feet of office space under a lease expiring in August 2022 .
Mr. Zerr has served as Senior Vice President of Invesco Advisers , Inc , a registered investment adviser affiliated with the Managing Owner , since December 2009 .
Exhibit Number Description of Document Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization , dated as of September 19 , 2011 , by and among Azur Pharma Limited   , Jaguar Merger Sub Inc , Jazz Pharmaceuticals , Inc. and Seamus Mulligan , solely in his capacity as the Indemnitors Representative   filed with the SEC on September 19 , 2011 ) .
In connection with the ongoing reorganization of AFG s Neon Lloyd s business , in December 2016 , AFG undertook a restructuring that included the liquidation for tax purposes of the foreign subsidiary that is the parent of the Neon Lloyd s operations , resulting in a taxable loss for U.S. tax purposes .
In January 2007 , FULLNET COMMUNICATIONS INC concluded a regulatory proceeding pursuant to the Federal Telecommunications Act of 1996 before the OCC relating to the terms of FULLNET COMMUNICATIONS INC interconnection agreement with Southwestern Bell Telephone , L.P. d / b / a AT T , which succeeds a prior interconnection agreement .
With regard to Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc. drug candidates , if any , approved by the FDA or by another regulatory authority , Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc are held to extensive regulatory requirements over product manufacturing , labeling , packaging , adverse event reporting , storage , advertising , promotion and record keeping .
I , Michael A. Feinstein , M.D , Chief Executive Officer of Nocopi Technologies , Inc , certify that : I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10 - Q of Nocopi Technologies , Inc. ; Based on my knowledge , this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made , in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made , not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report ; Based on my knowledge , the financial statements , and other financial information included in this report , fairly present in all material respects the financial condition , results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of , and for , the periods presented in this report ; The registrant s other certifying officer
Dividends LinnCo , LLC pay with respect to LinnCo , LLC shares , if any , will constitute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes only to the extent of LinnCo , LLC current and accumulated earnings and profits .
Horry County State Bank , which operated eight branches in the Myrtle Beach - Conway - North Myrtle Beach area of South Carolina , will operate under the HCSB brand until system conversions are completed in the fourth quarter of 2017 , at which time it will begin to operate as United Community Bank .
The Spinez founders invested an additional $ 122,000 into Medovex Corp. for common stock .
SIGNAL BAY , INC . has adopted this guidance and the adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on SIGNAL BAY , INC . s results of operations , financial position , or cash flows for the three or six months ended March 31 , 2017 or 2016 .
Based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments to these forms furnished to EMERSON RADIO CORP , and Forms 5 , along with amendments thereto , all parties subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a ) timely filed all such required reports during Fiscal 2017 , except for the following Forms 3 which were inadvertently filed late : Form 3 of Duncan Hon filed on June 28 , 2016 , reporting his election as a director of EMERSON RADIO CORP on February 12 , 2009 ; Form 3 of Andrew L. Davis filed on June 28 , 2016 , reporting his appointment as Chief Financial Officer of EMERSON RADIO CORP on September 3 , 2010 ; and Form 3 of Christopher Ho filed on September 14 , 2016 , reporting his election as a director of EMERSON RADIO CORP on June 19 , 2016 .
Under the Distribution , one share of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. common stock was distributed for each share of Grace common stock held as of the close of business on January 27 , 2016 .
( Nytis USA ) and its subsidiary Nytis Exploration Company LLC ( Nytis LLC ) which conduct Carbon Natural Gas Co s operations in the Appalachian and Illinois Basins .
ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. currently operate eight owned , five managed and one licensed STK restaurants in major metropolitan cities globally , such as Atlanta , Chicago , Denver , Ibiza , Las Vegas , London , Los Angeles , Miami , Milan , New York and Orlando .
As of December 31 , 2015 , FS Energy & Power Fund .
As part of FBR & Co. s investing activities , during 2015 FBR & Co. entered into two short sales , totaling $ 200,000 face value , of 4.625 % U.S. Treasury securities maturing in November 2016 .
Joelyn Alcantara Joelyn Alcantara President , Secretary , Treasurer , Chief Financial Officer and Director ( Principal Executive Officer , Principal Financial Officer , Principal Accounting Officer ) Dated : March 10 , 2017 .
SEC rules implementing these requirements and other international standards , such as the Organization for Economic Co - Operation and Development Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict - Affected and High Risk Areas may have the effect of reducing the pool of suppliers who can supply DRC conflict free components and parts , and SYMANTEC CORP may not be able to obtain DRC conflict free products or supplies in sufficient quantities for SYMANTEC CORP products .
Boone Bank is located in Boone , Iowa with a population of 12,633 .
On July 23 , 2015 , Mr. Tosi resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer , effective August 7 , 2015 .
FEJA is effective June 1 , 2017 , and includes , among other provisions , ( 1 ) a ZES providing compensation for certain nuclear - powered generating facilities , ( 2 ) an extension of and certain adjustments to ComEd s electric distribution formula rate , ( 3 ) new cumulative persisting annual energy efficiency MWh savings goals for ComEd , ( 4 ) revisions to the Illinois RPS requirements , ( 5 ) provisions for adjustments to or termination of FEJA programs if the average impact on ComEd s customer rates exceeds specified limits , ( 6 ) revisions to the existing net metering statute to ( i ) mandate net metering for community generation projects , and establish billing procedures for subscribers to those projects , ( ii ) provide immediately for netting at the energy - only rate for nonresidential customers , and ( iii ) transition from netting at the full retail rate to the energy - only rate for certain residential net metering customers once the net meter customer load equals 5 % of total peak demand supplied in the previous year and ( 7 ) support for low income rooftop and community solar programs .
NIKE INC terminated certain forward - starting interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of $ 1 billion in connection with the October 29 , 2015 debt issuance ( refer to Note 6 Long - Term Debt ) .
The Registrant believes that Mr. Bignitz 's many years of experience as a senior executive officer and director of several successful public companies in a variety in industries , all of which have had greater resources and operating history than TechCare Corp , renders him qualified to serve on the Board of Directors .
31.2 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act provided by Melissa Ladakis , Secretary , Treasurer , Acting Chief Financial Officer and Director 32 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 provided by Michael Vardakis , President and Melissa Ladakis , Secretary , Treasurer , Acting Chief Financial Officer . 101.INS
Mr. Miller received his Juris Doctor from Boalt Law School in 1982 and his Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from the University of California , San Diego in 1978 .
Compliance with these requirements could increase SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO operating costs , and new tax legislation , regulations or other interpretations in the U.S. and other countries in which SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO operate could materially adversely affect SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO tax expense and/or tax balances .
The CE mark is also recognized in many countries outside the EEA , such as Switzerland and Australia , and can assist in the clearance process .
Changes in McEwen Mining Inc. s investment in MSC for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and year ended December 31 , 2016 are as follows : .
As of March 1 , 2016 , eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp common stock is listed on the OTCQB exchange and trades under the symbol EWLL .
WPL operates Edgewater and Sheboygan Falls in Sheboygan County , Wisconsin .
In addition , pursuant to the Contribution Agreement entered into by Net Element , Inc. on April 16 , 2013 with Unified Payments , TOT Group , Oleg Firer and Georgia Notes 18 LLC , on January 1 , 2014 , the preferred membership interest in Unified Payments plus payable in kind interest accrued thereon was converted into a 8 % interest only loan ( interest compounding annually with a balloon payment due on January 1 , 2017 ) and , upon such conversion , such loan was assumed by a subsidiary of TOT Group .
CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP INC / RI primary subsidiaries are CITIZENS FINANCIAL GROUP INC / RI two insured depository institutions , CBNA , a national banking association whose primary federal regulator is the OCC , and CBPA , a Pennsylvania - charted savings bank regulated by the Department of Banking of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and supervised by the FDIC as its primary federal regulator .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q ( the " Report " ) for the period ended March 31 , 2017 of Dime Community Bancshares , Inc , ( the " Company " ) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I , Kenneth J. Mahon , Chief Executive Officer of DIME COMMUNITY BANCSHARES INC , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Excluding a $ 75 million net increase related to the impacts of certain changes in PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL INC estimated profitability of the business , as discussed above , revenues increased $ 277 million .
In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 - K of Lumentum Holdings Inc. ( the Company ) for the year ended July 1 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Aaron Tachibana , Chief Financial Officer of Lumentum Holdings Inc , hereby certify as of the date hereof , solely for purposes of Title 18 , Chapter 63 , Section 1350 of the United States Code , that to the best of my knowledge : .
Peter Dodge Peter Dodge Chairman , Board of Directors /s/
For the six months ended July 31 , 2017 , OOMA INC net loss of $ 7.0 million included non - cash charges of $ 7.4 million primarily related to $ 6.1 million of stock - based compensation and $ 1.3 million of depreciation and amortization expense .
Stephen H. Mauldin . Chief Executive Officer and President .
During the period spanning from 2002 to 2013 , Mr. Huang served as president at Di Wei International Business Limited , a Taiwan firm focusing on wholesale businesses and internet marketing .
These increases in tax basis may increase ( for tax purposes ) depreciation and amortization and therefore reduce the amount of tax that certain of Blackstone s wholly owned subsidiaries that are taxable as corporations for U.S. federal income purposes would otherwise be required to pay in the future .
Texas Commodity Margin in CALPINE CORP Texas segment increased by $ 2 million , or 1 % , for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 compared to the six months ended June 30 , 2016 , primarily due to higher market Spark Spreads and the expansion of CALPINE CORP retail hedging activities following the acquisition of Calpine Solutions in December 2016 .
In March 2014 , CYBEROPTICS CORP acquired substantially all of the assets of LDI , a 3D metrology company located in Minneapolis , Minnesota , for aggregate consideration of $ 3.1 million cash , plus the assumption of certain current liabilities .
Additionally , due to FINRA rules regarding underwriting compensation , securities FBR & Co. purchase in FBR & Co. private placements may be subject to a 180 - day lockup period or longer beginning on the effective date of the issuer s IPO or resale registration statement .
FLEETCOR TECHNOLOGIES INC s segment results are as follows for the three and nine month periods ended September 30 ( in thousands ): .
In June 2015 , INSTRUCTURE INC entered into an amended and restated loan and security agreement , or credit facility , with Silicon Valley Bank .
Additionally , if , for any reason , Mr. Walsh failed to deliver the 500shares of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. common stock to Glottech - USA , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. agreed to issue the shares from treasury .
When applicable , Stellar Biotechnologies , Inc. also agree to maintain a master file with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) for the KLH product .
Mr. Sgro served as Trio s chief financial officer , secretary , and a member of its board of directors from its inception in June 2011 , until its merger with SAE in June 2013 and served as a director of SAE until July 2016 .
Since 2009 , Mr. Clark has been the Chief Executive Officer and President of Priority Posting and Publishing , Inc , a real estate services provider to trustees , law firms and banking related organizations .
IPL s Environmental Controls Projects - Under Iowa law , IPL is required to file an EPB biennially .
From 1991 to 1993 , Mr. McCall served as the President of the New York City Board of Education .
Even if Intersect ENT , Inc. future products are approved in the United States , commercialization of Intersect ENT , Inc. products in foreign countries would require approval by regulatory authorities in those countries .
Under the agreement , Antero will pay a fixed fee of $ 3.685 per barrel in West Virginia and $ 3.635 per barrel in Ohio and all other locations for fresh water deliveries by pipeline directly to the well site , subject to annual CPI adjustments .
For the reasons above , All Soft Gels Inc net loss for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 was $ 19,856 compared to $ 24,537 for the three months ended June 30 , 2016 .
Berry Acquisition On December 16 , 2013 , in connection with the Berry acquisition ( see Note 2 ) , Berry s shareholders received 1.68 LinnCo common shares for each Berry common share they owned , totaling 93,756,674 LinnCo common shares .
Ashford Inc. and Ashford Inc. subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states and cities .
Carlyle Group L.P. formed six CLOs in 2013 , eight CLOs in 2014 , and eight CLOs in 2015 and consolidated those CLOs beginning on their respective formation dates or closing dates .
Concurrently , in 2008 , Hughes Satellite Systems Corp entered into a transponder service agreement with DISH Network , pursuant to which DISH Network receives satellite services on 24 of the DBS transponders on the QuetzSat-1 satellite .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of DAVIDsTEA Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended July 29 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Joel Silver , President and Chief Executive Officer of DAVIDsTEA Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that based on my knowledge : .
SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC NEOs for 2015 are Mr. Stephen C. Gray , SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC President and Chief Executive Officer ; Mr. Robert F. Reich , SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ; Mr. David W. Hitchcock , SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC Executive Vice President , Global Product Management and Development ; Mr. Alfredo T. de C rdenas , SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC President of Global Sales and Service , Chief Sales Officer ; Ms. Laura E. Binion , SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC
EnSync , Inc. operating activities used net cash of $ 2,070,908 for the six months ended December 31 , 2015 .
Covestro - Formerly Bayer MaterialScience , LLC , the party with whom LSB INDUSTRIES INC subsidiary in Baytown has entered into an agreement for supply of nitric acid through at least June 2021 , the Covestro Agreement .
Effective March 23 , 2016 , John Canning , Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. s Chief Compliance Officer , in connection with his resignation from Cipperman Compliance Services ( " CCS " ) resigned from such position .
( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended January 30 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , I , Barbara Rentler , as Chief Executive Officer of ROSS STORES INC , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ( Section 906 ) , that , to the best of my knowledge : .
For example , Meridian was engaged to help establish benchmark compensation for HARTE HANKS INC executive hired in 2016 Mr. Lal as well as queries on long term incentive plan considerations and award design .
Adjusted EBITDA decreased $ 3 million in the North America region in the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , compared to the same period of 2016 , primarily due to decreased Core Network Services revenue of $ 7 million , as discussed further above , partially offset by reduced network access costs of $ 3 million .
In the first quarter of fiscal 2017 , TETRA TECH INC generated 25.8 % of TETRA TECH INC revenue from TETRA TECH INC international operations , primarily in Canada and Australia , and from international clients for work that is performed by TETRA TECH INC domestic operations .
In exchange for the sale of the equity interest in SSF and subject to certain conditions and performance thresholds , Tianjin Enternet will receive shares of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . common stock over three years , with the exact amount based on an earn - out provision , such amounts not to exceed 5.0 million shares of common stock for each of 2016 , 2017 and 2018 .
On February 19 , 2016 , Mr. Chua and Ms. Lin resigned from their officer and director positions .
NUVASIVE INC are subject to taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions , including the Netherlands , where a number of NUVASIVE INC subsidiaries are ( or were ) located .
The aggregate billed and to be billed fees in 2016 by Hall and Company for the review of CEREBAIN BIOTECH CORP . s consolidated financial statements included in CEREBAIN BIOTECH CORP .
SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO Mexican subsidiaries have U.S. dollar denominated cash balances , receivables and payables ( monetary assets and liabilities ) that give rise to Mexican currency exchange rate movements for Mexican income tax purposes .
Richard M. Olson Richard M. Olson Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
President , Chief Executive Officer and Director of Martin Midstream GP LLC ( Principal Executive Officer ) Ruben S. Martin .
On February 29 , 2016 , Clean Energy Fuels Corp. entered into a loan and security agreement with , and issued a related promissory note to PlainsCapital Bank ( " Plains " ) , pursuant to which Plains agreed to lend us up to $ 50.0 million on a revolving basis for a term of one year ( the " Credit Facility " ) .
Acquisition of Metropolitan Real Estate Equity Management On November 1 , 2013 , the Partnership acquired 100 % of the equity interests in Metropolitan Real Estate Equity Management , LLC ( Metropolitan ) , a global manager of real estate fund of funds with more than $ 2.6 billion in capital commitments at the acquisition date .
The foregoing instrument was acknowledged before me this 1 st day of March , 1989 , by Robert M. Irvin and Timothy R. Barnes , President and Secretary of the corporation , respectively , on behalf of the corporation .
Mr. Stephen C. Gray was a member of the Compensation Committee during 2015 but resigned on February 25 , 2015 when he became SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC President and Chief Executive Officer .
CYBEROPTICS CORP also have entered into an agreement to supply Nordson with high - precision 3D MRS sensor subsystems for the SMT market and have sold initial units for testing and demonstration purposes .
Rental revenues and net income of both Bermuda Crossroads and Smith 's Landing for the period from the acquisition date to December 31 , 2013 included in the consolidated and combined statements of comprehensive income were $ 3.8 million and $ 0.2 million , respectively .
HKM is considered an affiliate as it owns greater than 10 % of AuraSource , Inc. outstanding common stock .
Competition has intensified in recent years , and the loss of dentists and other personnel and challenges presented in recruiting replacement personnel adversely affected BIRNER DENTAL MANAGEMENT SERVICES INC s results of operations in 2016 .
CyrusOne president and chief executive officer Gary Wojtaszek will join the GDS Board of Directors .
On March 10 , 2017 , Staples entered into a share purchase agreement pursuant to which Platinum Equity ( Platinum ) agreed to purchase 100 % of the outstanding shares related to STAPLES INC s operations in Australia and New Zealand .
DineEquity , Inc operated 10 restaurants in the Cincinnati , Ohio area , and DineEquity , Inc may also operate , on a temporary basis until refranchised , IHOP restaurants that DineEquity , Inc re - acquire for a variety of reasons from IHOP franchisees .
Reference is made to the Annual Report on Form 10 - K of Immunomedics , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( Immunomedics , IMMUNOMEDICS INC , IMMUNOMEDICS INC , IMMUNOMEDICS INC or us ) , for the fiscal year ended June 30 , 201 5 , which contains IMMUNOMEDICS INC audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto .
The U.K. Limited segment includes CPI Card Group Inc. operations in Colchester , United Kingdom and Liverpool , United Kingdom .
David D. Smith , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC President and Chief Executive Officer , has a controlling interest in , and is a member of the Board of Directors of Atlantic Automotive .
Mr. Low is currently serving as the Director of Commercial Clients Shanghai , SCB China .
Fabian T. Garcia Fabian T. Garcia President and Chief Executive Officer .
State Bank , Boone Bank and Reliance Bank are state banks subject to regulation and supervision by the Iowa Division of Banking .
As required by the 1940 Act , the Investment Advisory Agreement provides that Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. may terminate the agreement without penalty upon 60 days ' written notice to GBA .
Mr. Shu - sen Chang , the former Chairman of NOWnews Network , and one other shareholder , owns 10 % and 35 % of NOWnews International , respectively .
Dr. Friedman has served as AxoGen s Vice President of Regulatory and Quality since September 2011 .
On August 5 , 2015 , InspireMD , Ltd , InspireMD , Inc. wholly owned subsidiary , entered into a distribution agreement with Penumbra , Inc , and , in September 2015 , InspireMD , Inc. announced full market launch of the CGuard EPS by Penumbra , Inc. in 17 CE marked countries in Europe .
DOCUMENT SECURITY SYSTEMS INC s subsidiary , DSS Digital Inc , which operates under the assumed name of DSS Digital Group , develops , markets and sells digital information services , including data hosting , disaster recovery and data back - up and security services .
During 2015 , specifically in the first quarter , NUVASIVE INC former Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board resigned from such roles , and in the second quarter NUVASIVE INC Board of Directors appointed Gregory T. Lucier , a Director since 2013 , to be NUVASIVE INC Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board .
Ominto , Inc. 's foreign earnings were derived principally in Cyprus , which has a tax rate of 12.5 percent , and in the British Virgin Islands , which does not assess a corporate income tax on earnings .
Item 3 - Legal Proceedings On January 10 , 2011 , VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC purchased VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC wholly - owned subsidiary , DigiNotar B.V , a private company organized and existing in The Netherlands from the shareholders ( Sellers ) .
President Trump has recently said his administration will attempt to expand the nuclear energy sector by launching a complete review of current policy to identify ways to revive the industry .
Digiwork was set up pursuant to a joint business agreement among its shareholders on August 4 , 2016 and as amended and restated on March 31 , 2017 ( JBA ) .
Mr. O ' Shea is the owner of 629,800 shares of STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS INC /NV/ , or approximately 25.0 % of outstanding shares , and NextCoal is the owner of 1,625,000 shares of STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS INC /NV/ or approximately 64.6 % of outstanding shares .
PACCAR competes in the European light / medium market with DAF cab - over - engine trucks assembled in the United Kingdom by Leyland , one of PACCAR s wholly owned subsidiaries , and participates in the European heavy market with DAF cab - over - engine ( COE ) trucks assembled in the Netherlands and the United Kingdom .
The discussion and analysis of ACCURAY INC financial condition and results of operations is based on ACCURAY INC consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( U.S. GAAP ) .
To the extent Yew Bio - Pharm Group , Inc. hold assets denominated in U.S. dollars , any appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar could result in a charge in Yew Bio - Pharm Group , Inc. statement of operations and a reduction in the value of Yew Bio - Pharm Group , Inc. U.S. dollar denominated assets .
The Blackstone common units shown in the table above for each named executive officer and director include ( a ) the following units held for the benefit of family members with respect to which the named executive officer or director , as applicable , disclaims beneficial ownership , Mr. Hill 1,698,442 units held in two family limited liability companies , Mr. Goodman 923,638 units held in family limited liability companies .
Should Orbital Tracking Corp. fail to satisfy the initial listing standards of the national exchanges , or Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock is otherwise rejected for listing , and remains listed on the OTC Markets or is suspended from the OTC Markets , the trading price of Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock could suffer and the trading market for Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock may be less liquid and Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock price may be subject to increased volatility , making it difficult or impossible to sell shares of Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock .
In connection with the Merger , the stockholders of AEAC received on a pro rata basis the 24,004,143 shares of AUDIOEYE INC common stock that were held by AEAC , and the former holders of the AEAC Debentures received an aggregate of 5,871,752 shares of AUDIOEYE INC common stock pursuant to their conversion of all of the AE Debentures issued to replace the AEAC Debentures .
The Board of Directors then appointed Walter McLallen and Michael Buckley as directors of Differential Brands Group Inc. and William Sweedler as Chairman of the Board of Directors .
Since July 2014 , Santander Consumer USA Inc. has received civil subpoenas and civil investigative demands from various federal and state agencies , including from the U.S. Department of Justice under the Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act , the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and several state attorneys general , requesting the production of documents and communications that , among other things , relate to the origination , underwriting and securitization of auto loans for varying time periods since 2007 .
All shares of restricted stock have been valued utilizing the closing price of shares of NET 1 UEPS TECHNOLOGIES INC s common stock quoted on The Nasdaq Global Select Market on the date of grant .
James C. Blair , Brian H. Dovey , Jesse I. Treu , Brian K. Halak , a member of Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc board of directors , and Nicole Vitullo , the managing members of One Palmer Square Associates VIII , L.L.C , the general partner of Domain Partners and DP Associates , share the power to vote or dispose of the shares held by Domain Partners and DP Associates and therefore each of the foregoing managing members may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power with respect to such shares .
From 2008 until June 2015 , Mr. Khosla served as a director of Best Buy Inc.
EchoStar Satellite Services which uses certain of Hughes Satellite Systems Corp owned and leased in - orbit satellites and related licenses to provide satellite services on a full - time and occasional - use basis primarily to DISH Network , Dish Mexico , U.S. government service providers , internet service providers , broadcast news organizations , programmers , and private enterprise customers .
Although MARRONE BIO INNOVATIONS INC have historically sold a significant majority of MARRONE BIO INNOVATIONS INC products in the United States , expanding MARRONE BIO INNOVATIONS INC international presence and commercialization is an important component of MARRONE BIO INNOVATIONS INC growth strategy .
From February 4 , 2016 through February 29 , 2016 , the highest market price paid for GCP Applied Technologies Inc. common stock on the NYSE was $ 18.03 per share and the lowest market price for GCP Applied Technologies Inc. common stock on the NYSE was $ 15.49 per share .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule based on CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT audits .
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES - OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Neogen Corporation ( the Company ) for the period ended August 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , James L. Herbert , as Executive Chairman of NEOGEN CORP and I , Steven J. Quinlan , as Chief Financial Officer , hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
DBCS agreed to transfer and sell to Invesco all of DBCS interest in PowerShares DB Base Metals Fund ( the Fund ) , a separate series of PowerShares DB Multi - Sector Commodity Trust ( the Trust ) , a Delaware statutory trust organized in seven separate series , including the sole and exclusive power to direct the business and affairs of the Trust and the Fund , as well as certain other assets of DBCS pertaining to the management of the Trust and the Fund , pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement ( the Transaction ) .
Neither Hi - Tec Holdings nor any of its subsidiaries has been required to file reports with the SEC or any equivalent international agency or prepare financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( US GAAP ) in any prior reporting period .
Bbl Barrel Black Hills Corporation ; BLACK HILLS CORP /SD/. Black Hills Gas Black Hills Gas , LLC , a subsidiary of Black Hills Gas Holdings , which was previously named SourceGas LLC Black Hills Gas Holdings Black Hills Gas Holdings , LLC , a subsidiary of Black Hills Utility Holdings , which was previously named SourceGas Holdings LLC Black Hills Electric Generation Black Hills Electric Generation , LLC , a direct , wholly - owned subsidiary of Black Hills Non - regulated Holdings Black Hills Energy The name used to conduct the business of BLACK HILLS CORP /SD/ utility companies Black Hills Energy Arkansas Gas Includes the acquired SourceGas utility Black Hills Energy Arkansas , Inc. utility operations Black Hills Energy Colorado Electric Includes Colorado Electric s utility operations Black Hills Energy Colorado Gas Includes Black Hills Energy Colorado Gas utility operations , as well as the acquired SourceGas utility Black Hills Gas Distribution s Colorado gas operations and RMNG Black Hills Energy Iowa Gas Includes Black Hills Energy Iowa gas utility operations Black Hills Energy Kansas Gas Includes Black Hills Energy Kansas gas utility operations Black Hills Energy Nebraska Gas Includes Black Hills Energy Nebraska gas utility operations , as well as the acquired SourceGas utility Black Hills Gas Distribution s Nebraska gas operations Black Hills Energy South Dakota Electric Includes Black Hills Power operations in South Dakota , Wyoming and Montana Black Hills Energy Wyoming Electric Includes Cheyenne Light s electric utility operations Black Hills Energy Wyoming Gas Includes Cheyenne Light s natural gas utility operations , as well as the acquired SourceGas utility Black Hills Gas Distribution s Wyoming gas operations Black Hills Gas Distribution Black Hills Gas Distribution , LLC , a company acquired in the SourceGas Acquisition that conducts the gas distribution operations in Colorado , Nebraska and Wyoming .
On February 14 , 2017 , Image Chain Group Limited , Inc. entered into a share exchange agreement ( the ICSML Agreement ) with Image Convenience Store Management Limited , a company registered under the laws of the British Virgin Islands ( ICSML ) , and Wang Fa Sung , the sole shareholder of ICSML ( the Seller ) .
The increase in revenue , net of purchase power and fuel expense was primarily due to the inclusion of CENG s results on fully consolidated basis in 2015 , the benefit of lower cost to serve load ( including the absence of higher procurement costs for replacement power in 2014 ) , the cancellation of the DOE SNF disposal fee , increased capacity prices , the inclusion of Integrys results in 2015 , favorability from portfolio management optimization activities , increased load served , and mark - to - market gains in 2015 compared to mark - to - market losses in 2014 , partially offset by lower margins resulting from the 2014 sale of generating assets , lower realized energy prices , and the absence of the 2014 fuel optimization opportunities in the South region due to extreme cold weather .
On March 3 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with Alta Disposal Ltd , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. wholly - owned subsidiary , and 514742 B.C. Ltd , pursuant to which 514742 B.C. provided Alta Disposal with an aggregate investment of CAD$330,000 ( US$ 298,518 ) in consideration of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issuance of secured promissory notes and common share purchase warrants .
On December 31 , 2010 , Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. completed a reverse merger wherein American Service Insurance Company , Inc. ( " American Service " ) and American Country Insurance Company ( " American Country " ) , in exchange for the consideration set out below , were transferred to us by Kingsway America Inc. ( " KAI " ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of Kingsway Financial Services Inc. ( " KFSI " ) , a Canadian public company whose shares are traded on the Toronto and New York Stock Exchanges .
Aflac Incorporated 1st Quarter 2017 10 - Q Certification of Chief Executive Officer I , Daniel P. Amos , certify that : .
Mr. Tao was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and a director on January 22 , 2016 .
Richard Meruelo was named President , Secretary and Chief Financial Officer of USA Capital Management Inc. Richard Meruelo was named Director of USA Capital Management Inc. Richard Meruelo serves as the Chief Executive Officer , Secretary , Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Fortune Valley Treasures , Inc. ( formerly Crypto - Services , Inc. ) ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended May 31 , 2017 ( the Report ) , I , Yumin Lin , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Fortune Valley Treasures , Inc , hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
On September 17 , 2013 , the shareholders of ROI LAND INVESTMENTS LTD elected two new Directors , Patrick Bragoli and Sebastien Cliche .
Effects of Currency Fluctuations and Inflation COMPASS MINERALS INTERNATIONAL INC operations outside of the U.S. are conducted primarily in Canada , Brazil and the U.K. Therefore , COMPASS MINERALS INTERNATIONAL INC results of operations are subject to both currency transaction risk and currency translation risk .
As of the end of the period covered by this report , j2 Global s management , with the participation of Nehemia Zucker , J2 GLOBAL , INC . principal executive officer , and R. Scott Turicchi , J2 GLOBAL , INC . principal financial officer , carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of J2 GLOBAL , INC . disclosure controls and procedures .
The Bank outsources its core processing activities to Fidelity National Information Services , Inc , or FIS Corporation located in Jacksonville , Florida .
Amended credit agreement and term loan As noted above , to facilitate the acquisition of 3PI , on April 1 , 2014 , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into an amended credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank , National Association .
At the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination Agreement ( the Closing ) , ( i ) Merger Sub will merge with and into us ( the Impax Merger ) , with us surviving the Impax Merger as a direct wholly - owned subsidiary of Holdco , ( ii ) each share of IMPAX LABORATORIES INC common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Impax Merger , other than common stock held by us in treasury , by Amneal or by any of their respective subsidiaries , will be converted into the right to receive one fully paid and nonassessable share of Class A common stock of Holdco , par value $ 0.01 per share ( Holdco Class A Common Stock ) , ( iii
In December 2016 , Opko Health , Inc. purchased 19,230,769 shares of BioCardia from Dr. Frost for $ 2.5 million .
international manufacturing facilities that enable them to avoid the transportation costs and foreign import duties associated with shipping DJO Finance LLC products manufactured in the United States to international customers .
For instance , in October 2016 , IMS Health Holding , Inc. and Quintiles Transnational Holdings Inc , a contract research organization , combined in an all - stock merger of equals to form Quintiles IMS Holdings , Inc , which operates under the name QuintilesIMS .
The proceeds of the KeyBank CMBS Loan were primarily used to pay down Strategic Storage Trust II , Inc.
The principal reasons for the CR Kennedy Acquisition is ( i ) to sell CANTEL MEDICAL CORP Endoscopy products and services on a direct basis in Australia , ( ii ) the establishment of a platform in Australia where CANTEL MEDICAL CORP can sell additional Cantel products on a direct basis and ( iii ) the expectation that the acquisition will be accretive to CANTEL MEDICAL CORP earnings per share ( EPS ) in fiscal 2018 and beyond .
The Right Honorable Mr. Mulroney 3,613 deferred restricted common units ; Mr. Parrett 4,667 deferred restricted common units ; Richard Jenrette 3,706 deferred restricted common units ; Ms. Lazarus 3,898 deferred restricted common units ; Mr. Light 4,433 deferred restricted common units ; and all other executive officers and directors as a group 148,370 deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units and 62,434 deferred restricted common units .
Outside the United States CISCO SYSTEMS , INC . operations are conducted primarily in leased sites , such as CISCO SYSTEMS , INC . Globalisation Centre East campus in Bangalore , India .
On November 10 , 2014 , the International Centre for Dispute Resolution Final Award , with retired Justice Herman Cahn as the sole arbitrator , ruled in favor of Global Gold on damages and a range of other outstanding issues .
Reif O. Chron , 38 , currently serves as President and General Counsel of the Company .
These unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the March 31 , 2017 , consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Investview , Inc.
Cerulean Pharma Inc. board of directors also determined that the current members of Cerulean Pharma Inc. audit committee , Mr. Arbuckle , Mr. McKee , and Dr. Walt ; the current members of Cerulean Pharma Inc. compensation committee , Dr. Friedman , Mr. McKee and Dr. Parkinson ; Dr. Hall , who served on Cerulean Pharma Inc. compensation committee prior to his resignation in June 2016 ; and Mr. Arbuckle , Dr. Rastetter and Dr. Walt , the current members of Cerulean Pharma Inc. nominating and corporate governance committee , all satisfy the independence standards for such committees established by the SEC and the NASDAQ Listing Rules , as applicable .
A group that includes RPC INC s Chairman of the Board , R. Randall Rollins and his brother Gary W. Rollins , who is also a director of RPC INC , and certain companies under their control , controls in excess of fifty percent of RPC INC s voting power .
As of July 31 , 2016 , GENEREX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP has NOL carryforwards in Generex Biotechnology Corporation of approximately $ 200 million , which expire in 2018 through 2036 , in Generex Pharmaceuticals Inc. of approximately $ 34.7 million , which expire in 2018 through 2036 , and in Antigen Express , Inc. of approximately $ 31.3 million , which expire in 2018 through 2036 .
Additional information on LINN Energy s results of operations and financial position are contained in its Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , which is included in this filing as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference .
As a result , the merger with Patch International , Inc. closed and Stem Holdings , Inc. now has received an additional approximately $ 2.4 million which was on Patch s books at the time of the acquisition , net of the approximately $ 54,000 paid to dissenting Patch International , Inc. shareholders .
As at January 2 , 2016 , SunOpta Inc. operated 27 processing facilities in 9 U.S. states , as well as Canada , Mexico , the Netherlands , Bulgaria and Ethiopia .
As of December 31 , 2016 , LINN ENERGY , INC . had 63 gross ( 6 net ) wells in progress ( 51 gross and 2 net wells were temporarily suspended ) .
GCP Applied Technologies Inc. sponsor defined benefit pension plans for GCP Applied Technologies Inc. employees in the United States , the United Kingdom , and a number of other countries , and fund government - sponsored programs in other countries where GCP Applied Technologies Inc. operate .
James Barry , Ph.D. has served as a director since January 30 , 2012 and as InspireMD , Inc. executive vice president and chief operating officer since July 14 , 2014 .
Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Mark E. Kaplan .
CYBEROPTICS CORP operating results have varied , and will likely continue to vary significantly , from quarter to quarter , causing volatility in CYBEROPTICS CORP stock price .
On February 24 , 2016 , the Compensation Committee approved the acceleration of the lapse of restrictions on transferability with respect to 612,958 shares of restricted stock held by BGC Partners , Inc. executive officers as follows : Mr. Lynn , 431,782 shares ; Mr. Merkel , 150,382 shares ; and Mr. Sadler , 30,794 shares .
PACIFICORP /OR/ have reviewed , in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( United States ) , the unaudited consolidated interim financial information of PacifiCorp and subsidiaries for the periods ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 , as indicated in PACIFICORP /OR/
Mr. O ' Rourke has served on MOSAIC CO Board of Directors since May 2015 and is also a director of The Toro Company .
Competition is also likely to intensify outside of the United States , both where ETSY INC operate now and where ETSY INC plan to expand ETSY INC operations .
Gary Gaglione , CPA has served as Matinas BioPharma Holdings , Inc.
In November 1998 , CTI BIOPHARMA CORP entered into an agreement with PG - TXL , as amended in February 2006 , or the PG - TXL Agreement , which granted us an exclusive worldwide license for the rights to Opaxio and to all potential uses of PG - TXL s polymer technology .
Net cash used in operating activities during 2015 primarily reflected INSTRUCTURE INC net loss of $ 53.0 million , offset by non - cash expenses that included $ 9.2 million of stock - based compensation , $ 3.0 million of depreciation and amortization , and $ 0.7 million in change in fair value of warrant liability .
Net Cash Used in Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities was $ 37.8 million for the year ended December 31 , 2015 and consisted of Immune Design Corp. net loss of $ 39.4 million offset by non - cash charges of $ 0.2 million for depreciation and amortization and $ 6.3 million for stock - based compensation expense .
Effective February 11 , 2015 , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . amended POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . $ 100.0 million credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank , National Association to increase POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . revolving line of credit facility to $ 125.0 million .
The following table sets forth material changes from the amounts reported in VCA INC 2015 Form 10 - K to VCA INC scheduled principal and interest due by us for each of the years indicated as of September 30 , 2016 ( in thousands ): .
ALCO Insurance was incorporated in Singapore in February 1989 .
Mr. Hirsch has been Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. Vice President and Secretary since November 2014 .
Michael V. Shustek , as Chief Executive Officer of MVP REIT , Inc. ( the " Registrant " ) , and Ed Bentzen , as Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Because SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO operations in South America use their local currency as their functional currency , revenues and expenses are translated into U.S. dollars at average exchange rates for the year for consolidation in Sempra Energy Consolidated s results of operations .
Effective December 24 , 2013 , as part of CAROLCO PICTURES , INC . s acquisition of S G Holdings , Inc. ( doing business as High Five Entertainment ) , CAROLCO PICTURES , INC . entered into an Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. Martin Fischer , pursuant to which Mr. Fischer will serve as High Five s president for an initial term of five years with an initial base salary of $ 144,000 .
The complexity and potential adverse consequences of U.S. tax laws as they relate to YuMe Inc international operations ; and .
In 2016 CUBIC CORP /DE/ formalized the structure of CUBIC CORP /DE/ Cubic Mission Solutions ( CMS ) business unit within CUBIC CORP /DE/ CGD Systems operating segment .
USA Capital Management Inc. s operating activities provided $ 14,994,967 for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and used $ 381,557 for the six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
Pacific Green Technologies Inc. president , treasurer , secretary and director , Neil Carmichael , works as a part - time consultant and devotes approximately 10 hours per week to Pacific Green Technologies Inc. business .
Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. cash and cash equivalents decreased by $ 168 million to $ 1,213 million at the end of 2013 .
In connection with the Sargent acquisition on April 24 , 2015 , RBC Bearings INC entered into a Credit Agreement ( the Credit Agreement ) and related Guarantee , Pledge Agreement and Security Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank , National Association , as Administrative Agent , Collateral Agent , Swingline Lender and Letter of Credit Issuer and the other lenders party thereto .
Certain information and note disclosures normally included in Horizon s annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted .
Wells Fargo has agreed to issue up to an amount equal to $ 20,000,000 , ( ii ) PNC Bank , National Association has agreed to issue up to an amount equal to $ 20,000,000 , and ( iii ) JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A. has agreed to issue up to an amount equal to $ 10,000,000 , in each case , in Letters of Credit under the Letter of Credit Sublimit ; provided that ( x ) subject in any event to the Letter of Credit Sublimit , any L / C Issuer may agree with the Lead Borrower to increase its individual allocation of such sublimit ( which , automatically upon such agreement and increase , will cause an equal and ratable decrease in each other L / C Issuer s allocation such that the Letter of Credit Sublimit remains unchanged ) and ( y ) the Letter of Credit Sublimit may be increased from time to time upon agreement between the Administrative Agent and the Lead Borrower , so long as any such increase has been appropriately committed to by a Lender ( that is or shall be a L / C Issuer ) , on terms and conditions satisfactory to the Administrative Agent .
On June 16 , 2016 , STAMPS.COM INC entered into a definitive agreement to acquire ShippingEasy for approximately $ 55.0 million .
CHINA AUTOMOTIVE SYSTEMS INC s subsidiaries based in the PRC and Genesis maintain their books and records in Renminbi , RMB , their functional currency .
Bad debt expense increased $ 222,000 as POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . increased POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . allowance for doubtful accounts and other selling and service expenses accounted for the remaining net increase of $ 347,000 period over period , of which none of the components was individually significant .
Hendrik Jacobs Hendrik Jacobs President and
Marcus Berto , Executive Vice President Mr. Berto has served as Executive Vice President of REV since 2014 and has more than 20 years of commercial product and business development experience .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT mission is to provide high quality water service to families and communities at a fair return to CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT shareholders while maintaining a work environment that attracts , retains and motivates CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT employees to achieve a high level of performance .
Similar to prior years , FLOWSERVE CORP expect FLOWSERVE CORP results will be weighted towards the second half of the year .
As of June 30 , 2017 , and December 31 , 2016 , Strategic Environmental & Energy Resources , Inc. do not believe that Strategic Environmental & Energy Resources , Inc. have significant credit risk .
The Corporation holds a 92.3 % interest in the Operating Company at September 30 , 2017 and is the sole managing member of the Operating Company , which gives the Corporation exclusive and complete responsibility for the day - to - day management , authority to make decisions , and control of the Operating Company .
BITMIS CORP . are a startup company and currently have one employee only - Anna Varlamova , BITMIS CORP . president , treasurer , secretary and director .
Previously , Mr. Downing served as Vice President and Controller for Thermo - King , which manufactured transport refrigeration equipment .
During the Term and for the Restricted Period , the Executive shall not , directly or indirectly ( other than in furtherance of the business of the Company ) , initiate communications with , solicit , persuade or attempt to persuade , entice , induce or encourage any individual who is then or who has been within the preceding 12 - month period , an employee of or consultant to YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates to terminate employment with , or a consulting relationship with , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . or such Subsidiary or Affiliate , as the case may be , or to become employed by or enter into a contract or other agreement with any other person , and the Executive shall not approach any such employee or consultant for any such purpose or authorize or knowingly approve the taking of any such actions by any other person .
Xinzhou Gold is owned 30 % by Zhou Qiang , a Director and shareholder of Zhen Ding DE , 23 % by Zhou Zhi Bin , a Director and shareholder of Zhen Ding DE , 23 % by Wei De Gang , Chairman , CFO and a Director and Shareholder of Zhen Ding DE , 4 % by Tang Yong Hong , and 20 % by Chen Yan Song .
As of January 28 , 2017 , VINCE HOLDING CORP . products were sold at 2,260 doors through VINCE HOLDING CORP . wholesale partners in the U.S. and international markets and VINCE HOLDING CORP . operated 54 retail stores , including 40 full price stores and 14 outlet stores , throughout the United States .
The use of Medidata Solutions , Inc. software products , services , and hosted solutions by customers engaged in clinical trials must be done in a manner that is compliant with a complex array of U.S. federal and state laws and regulations , including regulation by the FDA , as well as regulations and guidance issued by foreign governments and international non - governmental organizations .
YuMe Inc future operating results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter due to a variety of factors , many of which are beyond YuMe Inc control .
( xv ) Employment Agreement between McCormick ( UK ) Limited and Malcolm Swift , incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 of McCormick s Form 8 - K , File No . 1 - 14920 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 29 , 2015 . * .
As of December 31 , 2013 , ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN , LLC .
Mr. Toh currently serves as Vice Chairman / Executive Vice President and Director of NuGen Holdings Inc. ( formerly InovaChem , Inc. ) , a research , development and production company specializing in Axio flux electric motor systems , since January 2008 , and President and CEO of Amerique Investments International Corporation since 1992 .
Prior to Covidien , Mr. Kapples served in management and legal roles of increasing responsibility at Raytheon Company .
On April 7 , 2016 , Creative Waste Solutions , Inc. entered into a membership purchase agreement with Creative Waste Solutions , LLC , a Florida limited liability corporation ( Creative ) whereby Creative Waste Solutions , Inc. purchased 100 % of the membership interest for $ 25,000 ( see Note 13 ) .
At Macquarie Infrastructure Corp IPO , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp invested in a district energy business in Chicago , Illinois .
As of December 31 , the amount of net assets of IPL and WPL that were not available to be transferred to their parent company , Alliant Energy , in the form of loans , advances or cash dividends without the consent of IPL s and WPL s regulatory authorities was as follows ( in billions ): .
The service areas of AEP s public utility subsidiaries cover portions of the states of Arkansas , Indiana , Kentucky , Louisiana , Michigan , Ohio , Oklahoma , Tennessee , Texas , Virginia and West Virginia .
In 2004 , SELECT BANCORP , INC . formed New Century Statutory Trust I , which issued trust preferred securities to provide additional capital for general corporate purposes , including the current and future expansion of the Company .
During the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , operating activities used $ 9.5 million of cash , resulting from AILERON THERAPEUTICS INC net loss of $ 9.5 million and cash used by changes in AILERON THERAPEUTICS INC operating assets and liabilities of $ 0.5 million , partially offset by non - cash charges of $ 0.5 million .
EchoStar s board of directors includes persons who are members of the board of directors of DISH Network , including Charles W. Ergen , who serves as the Chairman of and is employed by both companies .
Under the Agreement , IHG agreed to compromise and settle the Principal Amount under the verbal working capital loan agreement of BEGI , as of November 2016 , in the amount of $ 400,000 , by assignment , without recourse , of the MeshWorks Media Corp , Promissory Notes together with all collateral agreements .
Acquisition of Buck s On March 18 , 2015 , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . acquired all of the membership interests in Buck s Acquisition Company , LLC ( Buck s ) from UE Powertrain d / b / a Buck s Engines and United Holdings , LLC , for cash of $ 9,735,000 .
Kyle C. Badger Kyle C. Badger Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary .
Consolidated assets and liabilities of RED are $ 69 million and $ 13 million , respectively , as of December 31 , 2015 and $ 77 million and $ 11 million , respectively , as of December 31 , 2014 .
If eHealth , Inc. are required to move aspects of eHealth , Inc. operations from China to eHealth , Inc. offices in the United States as a result of inquiries from health insurance carriers or for other reasons , it could harm eHealth , Inc. business , operating results and financial condition .
Town Square Energy , operates in eight Eastern states and its licenses and customer base expands GRE s geographic footprint to four new states New Hampshire , Rhode Island , Massachusetts and Connecticut and provides additional electricity customers in New Jersey , Maryland , Ohio and Pennsylvania .
Also effective September 30 , 2009 , Lithium Corp changed Lithium Corp name from Utalk Communications , Inc. to Lithium Corporation , by way of a merger with Lithium Corp wholly owned subsidiary Lithium Corporation , which was formed solely for the change of name .
Excluding the Kentucky matters discussed above , CENTENE CORP is also routinely subjected to legal proceedings in the normal course of business .
However , these increases were offset by a decline in TETRA TECH INC international activities that was caused primarily by the commodity - driven slowdown in economic activity in Canada .
The historical financial results of Antero Midstream Partners LP Predecessor discussed below may not be comparable to Antero Midstream Partners LP future financial results primarily as a result of the significant increase in the scope of Antero Midstream Partners LP operations over the last several years .
Later on May 24 , 2012 , ( i ) Fox Broadcasting Company ; Twentieth Century Fox Film Corp. and Fox Television Holdings , Inc. filed a lawsuit against DISH Network and DISH DBS CORP wholly - owned subsidiary DISH Network L.L.C. in the United States District Court for the Central District of California , alleging that the PrimeTime Anytime feature , the AutoHop feature , as well as Slingbox placeshifting functionality infringe their copyrights and breach their retransmission consent agreements , ( ii ) NBC Studios LLC ; Universal Network Television , LLC ; Open 4 Business Productions LLC and NBCUniversal , LLC filed a lawsuit against DISH Network and DISH DBS CORP wholly - owned subsidiary DISH Network L.L.C. in the United States District Court for the Central District of California , alleging that the PrimeTime Anytime feature and the AutoHop feature infringe their copyrights , and ( iii ) CBS Broadcasting Inc. ; CBS Studios Inc. and Survivor Productions LLC filed a lawsuit against DISH Network and DISH DBS CORP wholly - owned subsidiary DISH Network L.L.C. in the United States District Court for the Central District of California , alleging that the PrimeTime Anytime feature and the AutoHop feature infringe their copyrights .
DISH DBS CORP total accrual at June 30 , 2017 related to the FTC Action was $ 280 million and is included in Other accrued expenses on DISH DBS CORP Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets .
Mr. Spitzer is a Class II director with a term of office scheduled to expire at the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders .
On April 24 , 2014 , DAIS ANALYTIC CORP entered into a Distribution Agreement ( the " Distribution Agreement " ) , with Soex to distribute certain of DAIS ANALYTIC CORP products in China .
FelCor is the sole general partner of , and the owner of a greater than 99.5 % partnership interest in , FelCor Lodging Limited Partnership , or FelCor LP , through which FelCor Lodging LP held ownership interests in 41 hotels as of December 31 , 2015 .
On January 30 , 2017 , a private transaction closed pursuant to a stock purchase agreement between Gulmira Makhmutova , Makh Group Corp. 's President and CEO , and Anhui Weiyang Investment Holding Co. Ltd , by which it acquired 8,618,000 shares of common stock from Gulmira Makhmutova representing , along with private transactions between other shareholders , 99.9 % of the issued and outstanding share capital of Makh Group Corp. on a fully - diluted basis .
Mr. McCarrey has served as AxoGen s Senior Vice President of Sales since February 2013 .
SIRRUS CORP . s financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and are expressed in U.S. dollars .
Ed Penhoet , Ph.D. Chairman of the Board .
MHI TRS , SOTHERLY HOTELS LP wholly owned taxable REIT subsidiary which leases SOTHERLY HOTELS LP hotels from subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership , is subject to federal and state income taxes .
Thomas McClelland , age 62 , joined FREQUENCY ELECTRONICS INC as an engineer in 1984 and was elected Vice President , Commercial Products in March 1999 .
As such , they may not be not indicative of the results GoDaddy Inc. would have achieved if the acquisition had taken place on January 1 , 2016 , nor are they intended to be a projection of GoDaddy Inc. future results .
Ms. Hill was elected to the Board of Directors of Carlyle Group L.P. general partner effective May 2 , 2012 .
Jason Sakowski . Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , President , Secretary and Director .
As of March 26 , 2017 , BUFFALO WILD WINGS INC owned and operated 634 company - owned restaurants , including 623 Buffalo Wild Wings , 9 R Taco , and 2 PizzaRev restaurants in the United States and Canada .
The following discussion and analysis is based on Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd s reviewed financial statements contained in this Report , which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP .
A significant amount of SEMTECH CORP s assembly and test operations are conducted by third - party contractors in China , Malaysia , Taiwan , Thailand , Korea and the Philippines .
Nine months ended May 31 , 2017 and 2016 Destiny Media Technologies Inc. ( the Company ) was incorporated in August 1998 under the laws of the State of Colorado and the corporate jurisdiction was changed to Nevada effective October 8 , 2014 .
In September 2011 , CNX Gas Company , a wholly owned subsidiary of CONSOL Energy , and Noble Energy , Inc. ( Noble Energy ) , an unrelated third - party , formed CONE Gathering LLC ( CONE ) to develop and operate each company 's gas gathering system needs in the Marcellus Shale play .
Of FelCor Lodging LP 41 hotels as of December 31 , 2015 , FelCor Lodging LP owned 100 % interests in 38 hotels , a 95 % interest in one hotel ( The Knickerbocker ) and 50 % interests in entities owning two hotels .
Amy W. Han , Ph . D , Director since 2008 .
Under the Term Credit Agreements , EASTMAN KODAK CO is required to maintain minimum U.S. Liquidity ( as defined therein ) through 2014 and starting December 31 , 2014 , a Secured Leverage Ratio ( as defined therein ) not to exceed specified levels .
If such orders are not disapproved by the United States Trade Representative , Arista Networks , Inc. would need to further modify Arista Networks , Inc. products to take Arista Networks , Inc. products outside the scope of the 668 and 577 patents and obtain the USITC and/or CBP approvals described above to resume importation of Arista Networks , Inc. redesigned products into the United States .
Additionally , Peak Resorts Inc agreed to extend the maturity dates on all non - prepayable notes and mortgages secured by the Mount Snow , Boston Mills , Brandywine , Jack Frost , Big Boulder and Alpine Valley properties remaining after the Debt Restructure by seven years to December 1 , 2034 , and to extend the lease for the Mad River property , previously terminating in 2026 , until December 31 , 2034 ( the Lease Amendment ) .
See more detailed discussion below under Derivative Settlement s. On July 20 , 2015 , Kimberly Freeman , derivatively and on behalf of nominal defendant Medbox , Inc , filed a suit in the Eighth Judicial District Court of Nevada against Notis Global , Inc. s Board of Directors and certain executive officers ( Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh , Guy Marsala , Ned Siegel , J. Mitchell Lowe , Jennifer S. Love , C. Douglas Mitchell , and Bruce Bedrick ) .
The following table sets forth fees related to services performed by George Stewart , CPA and Fruci Associates : .
Ruben S. Martin Ruben S. Martin President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 30th day of March , 2016 .
Non - GAAP Information ENTEGRIS INC s consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) .
Senseonics Holdings , Inc. have never been profitable and Senseonics Holdings , Inc. net losses were $ 12.4 million and $ 11.9 million for three months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively , and $ 25.4 million and $ 23.1 million for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively .
Novume Solutions , Inc. ( the Company or Novume ) was formed in February 2017 and began operations upon the merger of KeyStone Solutions , Inc. ( KeyStone ) and Brekford Traffic Safety , Inc. ( Brekford ) in August 2017 .
The information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of THERAPEUTIC SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . Dated : July 5 , 2017 By : /s/ Timothy G. Dixon Timothy G. Dixon Chief Executive Officer and President ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
The following table summarizes OM Asset Management plc unaudited results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 : .
Mr. Rivkin is responsible for general management and oversight of each of the Altegris companies for which he serves as Executive Vice President .
LinnCo , LLC only significant asset is LinnCo , LLC interest in LINN Energy units and LinnCo , LLC cash flow , which was historically used to pay dividends to LinnCo , LLC shareholders , is completely dependent upon the ability of LINN Energy to make distributions to its unitholders .
Certification of the Principal Executive Officer , Robert G. Ruhlman , pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , filed herewith .
As of March 31 , 2017 , CHINA CHANGJIANG MINING & NEW ENERGY COMPANY , LTD .
Under Immune Design Corp. license agreement with IDRI , Immune Design Corp. are obligated to share with IDRI a percentage of payments received from third - party licensees , including MedImmune .
On October 8 , 2014 , Nucor acquired the entire equity interest in Gallatin Steel Company ( Gallatin ) for a cash purchase price of $ 779.1 million , including working capital adjustments .
Class A common stock , excluding the Direct TSG Investors , owned 67,257,210 shares of Planet Fitness , Inc.
Exhibit 3.1 to ESCO TECHNOLOGIES INC s Form 8 - K filed August 7 , 2014 .
Therefore , payments out of the Deposit Accounts will be payable only at the London branch of JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A , located in England .
Director , Chairman of the Board of Directors , and Chief Executive Officer ( principal executive officer ) March 16 , 2016 Edward S. Lampert .
Following the closing of these private stock sale transactions and the change in control , Sino Ocean owned an aggregate 4,200,000 shares of CEFC GLOBAL STRATEGIC HOLDINGS , INC . s Common Stock , representing 60.87 % of the issued and outstanding CEFC GLOBAL STRATEGIC HOLDINGS , INC . s Common Stock as of August 22 , 2012 ( the Closing Date ) .
NantHealth , Inc. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , Dr. Patrick Soon - Shiong , is the founder of NantWorks .
The NRC license for FitzPatrick expires in 2034 .
For the three and six month periods ended June 30 , 2017 , WINDSTREAM SERVICES , LLC consolidated results of operations include revenues and sales of $ 225.0 million and $ 307.1 million and operating income of $ 6.8 million and $ 4.0 million attributable to EarthLink .
Administrative Law Judge ANO 1 and 2 Units 1 and 2 of Arkansas Nuclear One ( nuclear ) , owned by Entergy Arkansas Arkansas Public Service Commission Accounting Standards Update issued by the FASB Board Board of Directors of Entergy Corporation Cajun Cajun Electric Power Cooperative , Inc. capacity factor Actual plant output divided by maximum potential plant output for the period City Council Council of the City of New Orleans , Louisiana D.C. Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit United States Department of Energy Entergy Entergy Corporation and its direct and indirect subsidiaries Entergy Corporation Entergy Corporation , a Delaware corporation Entergy Gulf States Louisiana Entergy Gulf States Louisiana , L.L.C , a Louisiana limited liability company formally created as part of the jurisdictional separation of Entergy Gulf States , Inc. and the successor company to Entergy Gulf States , Inc. for financial reporting purposes .
The preparation of financial statements and related disclosure in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires us to make judgments , assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes .
Daniel Rooney , Chairman of the Board of Directors , President and Chief Executive Officer .
The effective tax rates reflect the proportion of income recognized by each of ASSURED GUARANTY LTD s operating subsidiaries , with U.S. subsidiaries taxed at the U.S. marginal corporate income tax rate of 35 % , U.K. subsidiaries taxed at the U.K. blended marginal corporate tax rate of 19.25 % unless taxed as a U.S. controlled foreign corporation , and no taxes for ASSURED GUARANTY LTD s Bermuda Subsidiaries unless subject to U.S. tax by election .
Freedom Leaf Inc. revenue was $ 448,566 for the three months ended December 31 , 2016 , compared to $ 16,555 for the three months ended December 31 , 2015 .
HILLS BANCORPORATION may be adversely affected by economic conditions in the local economies in which HILLS BANCORPORATION conduct HILLS BANCORPORATION operations , and in the United States in general .
Nuverra Environmental Solutions , Inc. compensation philosophy during 2016 was shaped by the continued challenging economic environment , Nuverra Environmental Solutions , Inc. ongoing refinancing and restructuring activities and the continued decline in the market price of Nuverra Environmental Solutions , Inc. common stock .
2017 Acquisition On June 8 , 2017 , Diversicare Healthcare Services , Inc. entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement ( the " Purchase Agreement " ) with Park Place Nursing and Rehabilitation Center , LLC , Dunn Nursing Home , Inc , Wood Properties of Selma LLC , and Homewood of Selma , LLC to acquire a 103 -bed skilled nursing center in Selma , Alabama , for an aggregate purchase price of $ 8,750,000 .
First National is headquartered in Ames , Iowa with a population of 63,266 .
On December 10 , 2014 , Orbital Tracking Corp. purchased certain contracts from GTC for $ 250,000 pursuant to an asset purchase agreement by and among Orbital Tracking Corp , its wholly owned subsidiary Orbital Satcom , GTC and World ( see Note 7 ) .
Philip C. Raymond Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , and Treasurer Age 57 Elected in 2010 .
Chairman of the Audit Committee and sat on the Compensation Committee ; Mr. Coelho served as Chairman of the Compensation Committee and sat on the Governance Committee ; Mr. DeCecchis sat on the Audit Committee ; and Mr. Price sat on the Compensation Committee .
The components of Snap - on s trade and other accounts receivable as of April 1 , 2017 , and December 31 , 2016 , are as follows : Finance and Contract Receivables Snap - on Credit LLC ( SOC ) , SNAP - ON Inc s financial services operation in the United States , originates extended - term finance and contract receivables on sales of Snap - on s products sold through the U.S. franchisee and customer network and to certain other customers of Snap - on ; Snap - on s foreign finance subsidiaries provide similar financing internationally .
Before joining ARCH , Mr. Schriesheim held executive positions at Global TeleSystems , SBC Equity Partners , Ameritech , AC Nielsen and Brooke Group Ltd.
Income reported in 2014 reflected the settlement of all claims between us and the parties from whom VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC purchased DigiNotar in 2011 .
On November 19 , 2015 , Mr. Trabelsi , who was serving at the time as Znergy , Inc. s President and CEO , entered into a binding term sheet ( the Term Sheet ) to sell 100 % of his shares of Znergy , Inc. s common stock to Peter Peterson or entities designated by him for an aggregate purchase price of $ 500,000 , minus certain expenses to be paid prior to closing .
The equity interest attributable to third party investors in New Ocean FCFL , New Ocean MVCFL and Vector Re that is reflected in XL GROUP LTD 's Unaudited Consolidated Balance Sheets as " Non - controlling interest in equity of consolidated subsidiaries " was $ 112.0 million and $ 112.1 million at June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , respectively .
The Board has determined that Barry A. Igdaloff and Robert G. Pearse qualify as audit committee financial experts under SEC rules and that each Audit Committee member has sufficient knowledge in reading and understanding NOVATION COMPANIES , INC . s financial statements to serve on the Audit Committee .
Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. activities in the U.S. are entirely self - cleared .
Limited ( hereinafter referred to as DSS or Predecessor ) , a Singapore based company , was incorporated on 5th June 2007 in the Republic of Singapore as a limited liability company .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Curtiss - Wright Corporation ( the " Company " ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , David C. Adams , as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CURTISS WRIGHT CORP , and Glenn E. Tynan , as Chief Financial Officer of CURTISS WRIGHT CORP , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 , that to the best of his knowledge : .
Exchange Agreement In connection with the reorganization and IPO , Blackstone Group L.P. entered into an exchange agreement with the holders of partnership units in Blackstone Holdings ( other than The Blackstone Group L.P. s wholly owned subsidiaries ) .
In the third health care cost recovery case filed in Canada , Her Majesty the Queen in Right of Ontario v. Rothmans Inc , et al , Ontario Superior Court of Justice , Toronto , Canada , filed September 29 , 2009 , Philip Morris International Inc , Philip Morris International Inc. subsidiaries , Philip Morris International Inc. indemnitees ( PM USA and Altria ) , and other members of the industry are defendants .
( i ) a review of HDCC s activities for the period from May 27 , 2015 ( the closing date of the Harley - Davidson Motorcycle Trust 2015 - 2 transaction subject to the requirements of Regulation AB ) through December 31 , 2015 ( the Reporting Period ) and of HDCC s performance under the Sale and Servicing Agreement dated as of May 1 , 2015 ( the Sale and Servicing Agreement ) among Harley - Davidson Motorcycle Trust 2015 - 2 , Harley - Davidson Customer Funding Corp , HDCC , and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company , N.A , has been made under my supervision ; and .
Dr. Anderson also serves as medical director of PTS Diagnostics , a cardiometabolic medical device company .
In the 24 weeks ended June 17 , 2017 and June 11 , 2016 , total net revenue generated by PEPSICO INC operations in Russia represented 5 % and 4 % , respectively , of PEPSICO INC net revenue .
During the period from 1982 to 1997 , Mr. Johnson served as Vice President of Secondary Marketing of Western Mortgage Loan Company .
This amount is medical insurance , dental insurance , vision insurance and cellular phone reimbursement paid by Ambient Water Corp while Jeff Mitchell served on the Board of Directors during 2014 .
Jonathan A. Kennedy Print Name : Jonathan A. Kennedy Title : Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date : November 6 , 2017 .
To the Unit Holders of Sabine Royalty Trust and Southwest Bank , Trustee Dallas , Texas SABINE ROYALTY TRUST have reviewed the accompanying condensed statement of assets , liabilities and trust corpus of Sabine Royalty Trust ( the Trust ) as of June 30 , 2017 and the related condensed statements of distributable income for the three - month and six - month periods ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 and changes in trust corpus for the six - month periods ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
Intercreditor Agreement dated September 3 , 2013 among Bank of America , N.A. as Representative with respect to the ABL Credit Agreement , JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A. as Representative with respect to the Senior Term Loan Agreement , Barclays Bank PLC , as Representative with respect to the Junior Term Loan Agreement , Eastman Kodak Company and the other grantors party thereto .
That certain Office Building Lease Agreement , dated August 7 , 2013 , between Star 2012 Development , LP , as Landlord , and Hamilton Physician Services , LLC , as Tenant , is indirectly an agreement between Hamilton Physician Services , LLC and Carlos R. Hamilton , III , M.D. ( Dr. Hamilton ) .
Capital Art , Inc. total revenue reported for the year ended December 31 , 2016 was $ 1,260,426 , compared with $ 857,569 for the year ended December 31 , 2015 .
SJI Midstream , LLC was formed in 2014 to invest in infrastructure and other midstream projects , including a current project to build a 100 - mile natural gas pipeline in Pennsylvania and New Jersey .
The undersigned , Michael J. McConnell , Vice President of NISSAN MOTOR ACCEPTANCE CORPORATION , a California corporation ( the Company ) , does hereby certify , in his capacity as such corporate officer , as follows : .
Oscar C. Harper , IV Oscar C. Harper , IV President and Chief Executive Officer /s/
On August 10 , 2016 , CareView Communications Inc signed a P&S Pilot Agreement with the Northwest Division of Kaiser Permanente .
Richard S. DeRose , Executive Vice President , Treasurer , and Chief .
For the three month period ended December 31 , 2015 , Green Meadow Products , Inc. recognized revenues of $ 10,000 , which was comprised of the assistance of sales of certain of Green Meadow Products , Inc. licensing rights and distribution rights for Green Meadow Products , Inc. pain relief formula for dogs in conjunction with Mountain High Products , Inc. ( MH ) Green Meadow Products , Inc. amended an original contract dated March 28 , 2014 with Mountain High Products on November 24 , 2015 which allowed us to be paid by MH for assisting in international sales .
Coach brand 's design team , led by the Executive Creative Director , Stuart Vevers , and Stuart Weitzman brand 's design team , led by Giovanni Morelli , are responsible for conceptualizing and directing the design of all products .
LITORIUM GROUP CORP . s financial statements as of October 31 , 2017 been prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern , which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business .
b. Mr. Park acknowledges reading and understanding the contents of this Agreement , being afforded the opportunity to review carefully this Agreement with an attorney of his choice , not relying on any oral or written representation not contained in this Agreement , signing this Agreement knowingly and voluntarily , and , after the Effective Date of this Agreement , being bound by all of its provisions .
Robert McKeracher Robert McKeracher Vice President and Chief Financial
In addition , IPL is required to either install combined cycle technology at , or retire , the Dubuque and Sutherland Generation Stations by June 1 , 2019 .
The Form 10 disclosed MetLife , Inc. s plans to undertake several actions , including an internal reorganization involving its U.S. retail business ( the Restructuring ) and include Brighthouse Insurance and certain affiliates in the planned separated business and distribute at least 80.1 % of the shares of Brighthouse Financial , Inc. s common stock on a pro rata basis to the holders of MetLife , Inc. common stock .
INFINERA Corp are headquartered in Sunnyvale , California , with employees located throughout the Americas , Europe , Middle East and Africa , and the Asia Pacific region .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT corporate headquarters are located at 93 West Main Street , Clinton , Connecticut 06413 .
In the Final Closing PURE BIOSCIENCE , INC . raised aggregate gross proceeds of approximately $ 337,000 from the sale of ( i ) an aggregate of 396,469 shares of PURE BIOSCIENCE , INC . s common stock at a purchase price of $ 0.85 per share and ( ii ) warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 396,469 shares of common stock with a term of five years at an exercise price of $ 1.25 per share .
SKYWEST INC results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of those for the entire year , in part because the airline industry is subject to seasonal fluctuations and changes in general economic conditions .
The current portion of the asbestos settlement liability included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31 , 2015 , consisted of all such payments required through June 2016 , the fair value of PPG s common stock and the value of PPG s investment in Pittsburgh Corning Europe .
Planet Fitness , Inc. expect that , within one year of Planet Fitness , Inc. listing on the NYSE , Mr. LeComte will have resigned from Planet Fitness , Inc. audit committee and an independent director for audit committee purposes ( as determined under NYSE rules and Exchange Act rules ) will have been added to the audit committee .
Essent Group Ltd. file Essent Group Ltd. premium rates with the insurance departments of the 50 states and the District of Columbia as required .
Founded in 1981 , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. is headquartered in Durango , Colorado and manufactures an extensive line of premium chocolate candies and other confectionery products .
BeiGene , Ltd. PRC subsidiaries are subject to laws , rules and regulations applicable to foreign investment in China .
As SILVER BULL RESOURCES , INC . have done in prior years , SILVER BULL RESOURCES , INC . continually assess SILVER BULL RESOURCES , INC . concession ownership and SILVER BULL RESOURCES , INC . may terminate SILVER BULL RESOURCES , INC . rights to certain concessions holdings .
Loan Agreement with Adar Bays , LLC On March 3 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with Adar Bays , LLC , pursuant to which Adar provided Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company with an aggregate investment of $ 50,000 in consideration of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issuance of convertible promissory notes and common share purchase warrants .
Immune Design Corp. license agreement with IDRI will remain in effect until the expiration of Immune Design Corp. payment obligations under the license agreement .
GCP Applied Technologies Inc. expect to meet U.S. cash and liquidity requirements with cash on hand at Separation , cash GCP Applied Technologies Inc. expect to generate during 2016 and thereafter , future borrowings if any , and other available liquidity including royalties and service fees from GCP Applied Technologies Inc. foreign subsidiaries .
CU Bancorp operates in the Federal and California jurisdictions and the blended statutory tax rate for Federal and California income taxes is 42.05 % .
JEC II , which commenced operations on December 2 , 2003 , operated a restaurant known as One Restaurant located in New York , New York .
Mr. Jones began his career as a mining engineer for Inspiration Coal , Inc. in 1982 and has worked in several sectors of the mining industry .
Our investment in Action Resources was placed on non - accrual during the three months ended June 30 , 2017 .
EOS INC . President ( and sole director ) , Yu Cheng Yang , who , currently , devotes 40 or more hours a week to EOS INC . business , is responsible for the primary operation of EOS INC . business .
Once Medovex Corp. obtains a CE Mark , which Medovex Corp. anticipate will be in the first half of 2017 , Medovex Corp. will provide a copy of the CE certificate along with other necessary documentation to obtain regulatory approval for commercialization of the DenerveX System throughout certain countries including Columbia , Peru , Argentina , Mexico , Turkey , Israel , New Zealand , Australia and other countries .
Carthay label , increasing Wowio , Inc. library of content by at least 10 to 15 new titles for exploitation ; 4 ) increase Wowio , Inc. social media team by 1 or 2 to help build brand awareness across all of the WOWIO - owned sites and to support the marketing / sales efforts of Carthay ; and 5 ) increase Wowio , Inc. marketing and promotional team by 1 or 2 people to support sales efforts across all platforms .
On July 14 , 2015 , Elite Data Services , Inc. entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement ( the Purchase Agreement or Equity Line ) and Registration Rights Agreement ( the Registration Agreement ) with Tarpon Bay Partners LLC ( Tarpon ) whereby Tarpon is obligated , providing Elite Data Services , Inc. has met certain conditions , including the filing of a Form S-1 Registration Statement for the shares to be acquired , to purchase up to $ 5,000,000 of Elite Data Services , Inc. s common stock at the rates set forth in the Purchase Agreement .
On January 27 , 2016 , Mr. Takaaki Matsuoka was appointed as Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , President , Director , Secretary , and Treasurer .
On March 24 , 2016 , CPI AEROSTRUCTURES INC entered into a Credit Agreement with Bank United , N.A. as the sole arranger , administrative agent and collateral agent and Citzens Bank N.A. ( the BankUnited Facility ) .
Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 of James C. Fish , Jr , President and Chief Executive Officer .
In addition , Mr. Redstone serves as Chairman Emeritus of CBS and Ms. Redstone serves as non - executive Vice Chair of CBS .
The continued political instability and hostilities between Israel and its neighbors and any future armed conflict , terrorist activity or political instability in the region could adversely affect InspireMD , Inc. operations in Israel and adversely affect the market price of InspireMD , Inc. shares of common stock .
In the fiscal year of 2017 , due to the update of GMP certificate which prevents HLJ Huimeijia from selling products during this period , China Health Industries Holdings , Inc. sales network covered 5 provinces and 2 Municipalities in China and China Health Industries Holdings , Inc. products were mainly sold in Anhui , Zhejiang , Shanghai , Jiangsu , Beijing , Gansu , and Heilongjiang provinces or cities .
Management believes that a relatively flat yield curve could continue to affect adversely Virginia National Bankshares Corp s results in 2016 .
INTERSTATE POWER & LIGHT CO have audited the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Wisconsin Power and Light Company and subsidiary ( the Company ) as of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31 , 2015 , included in INTERSTATE POWER & LIGHT CO s Annual Report on Form 10 - K to the Securities and Exchange Commission and have issued INTERSTATE POWER & LIGHT CO report thereon dated February 24 , 2016 , which expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph concerning the change in INTERSTATE POWER & LIGHT CO s method of calculating its income tax provision and related deferred tax assets and liabilities from the parent company down approach to the modified separate return approach .
Under the terms of the settlement , these shareholders surrendered all rights to the Towers Watson shares and all potential Merger consideration issuable for the legacy shares .
In connection with the March 2014 Offering , on March 7 , 2014 , Cytosorbents Corp entered into a placement agency agreement with Brean Capital , LLC pursuant to which the placement agent agreed to act as Cytosorbents Corp exclusive placement agent for the March 2014 Offering and sale of the Units .
Subsequent to December 31 , 2016 , IMH Financial Corp purchased PCD s interest in Lakeside JV for $ 0.7 million and terminated PCD as the manager .
Jonathan Carroll is Chairman of the Board of Directors ( the Board ) , Chief Executive Officer , and President of Blue Dolphin , as well as a majority owner of LEH .
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT 'S COMMON EQUITY , RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES GCP Applied Technologies Inc. common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ( " NYSE " ) under the ticker symbol " GCP .
Today Atlantic Aviation operates FBOs on 69 airports in the United States .
The following discussion highlights TELETECH HOLDINGS INC cash flow activities during the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 , and 2014 .
WPS entered into a Standstill Agreement with the Sierra Club by which the parties agreed to negotiate as part of the EPA NOV process , rather than litigate .
On December 22 , 2015 , EMCORE CORP settled all of the outstanding rights and obligations of a solar power venture in Spain , including outstanding non - current receivables , for a payment of $ 0.7 million .
In connection with this Quarterly Report of Duos Technologies Group , Inc. ( the Company ) , on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I Adrian G. Goldfarb , Principal Financial Officer of DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP , INC , certify to the best of my knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
Exhibit 32.1 The undersigned , Daniel Draper , Principal Executive Officer of Invesco PowerShares Capital Management LLC , the Managing Owner of PowerShares DB Energy Fund ( the Fund ) , a series of PowerShares DB Multi - Sector Commodity Trust , hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Effective August 15 , 2011 , PayMeOn , Inc. entered into an executive employment agreement with Edward Cespedes .
The table below presents NOODLES & Co operating results for 2014 and 2013 , and the related year - over - year changes : .
Such exchange caused GTCL to become a wholly owned subsidiary of Orbital Tracking Corp. Also on February 19 , 2015 , David Phipps , the founder , principal owner and sole director of GTCL and the former founder and president of GTC , was appointed President of Orbital Satcom .
On September 12 , 2016 , INTERSIL CORP / DE entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger ( the Merger Agreement ) with Renesas Electronics Corporation , a Japanese corporation ( Renesas ) .
Also , INTUITIVE SURGICAL INC s effective tax rates for these periods differ from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 35 % due to the effect of income earned by certain of INTUITIVE SURGICAL INC s overseas entities being taxed at rates lower than the federal statutory rate , partially offset by state income taxes .
Identification of Executive Officers The Board of Directors of SEI INVESTMENTS CO has determined that SEI INVESTMENTS CO s executive officers within the meaning of Rule 3b-7 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , are as follows : ALFRED P. WEST , JR , 73 , has been the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of SEI INVESTMENTS CO since its inception in 1968 .
Guidewire Software , Inc. effective tax rates of 87.5 % and 7.1 % for the three and six months ended January 31 , 2016 , respectively , differ from the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate of 35 % mainly due to incentive stock options tax deductions , permanent differences for stock - based compensation , the impact of state income taxes , the tax rate differences between the United States and foreign countries , and research and development credits .
As of November 30 , 2015 , U - Swirl operated 9 Company - owned caf s and 217 franchised caf s located in 38 states , Canada , Turkey , and the United Arab Emirates .
PUBLIC SERVICE CO OF NEW HAMPSHIRE natural gas distribution segment results improved $ 0.8 million in the third quarter of 2017 , as compared to the third quarter of 2016 , and earnings decreased $ 2.8 million in the first nine months of 2017 , as compared to the first nine months of 2016 .
Inc. revenue recognition may cause significant fluctuations in Guidewire Software , Inc. results of operations and cash flows , may make it challenging for an investor to predict Guidewire Software , Inc. performance on a quarterly basis and may prevent us from achieving Guidewire Software , Inc. quarterly or annual forecasts or meeting or exceeding the expectations of research analysts or investors , which may cause Guidewire Software , Inc. stock price to decline .
KNOWN ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS , that the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints each of Mitra Hormozi , Michael T. Sheehan and Yossi Almani , or any one of them , each acting alone , her true and lawful attorney in fact and agent , with full power of substitution , for her and in her name , place and stead , in any and all capacities , in connection with the REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORPORATION ( the Corporation ) Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 ( the Form 10 K ) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , including , without limiting the generality of the foregoing , to sign the Form 10 K in the name and on behalf of the Corporation or on behalf of the undersigned as a director of the Corporation , and any amendments to the Form 10 K and any instrument , contract , document or other writing of or in connection with the Form 10 K or amendments thereto , and to file the same , with all exhibits thereto , and other documents in connection therewith , including this power of attorney , with the Securities and Exchange Commission and any applicable securities exchange or securities self - regulatory body , granting unto said attorneys in fact and agents , each acting alone , full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises , as fully to all intents and purposes as she might or could do in person , hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys in fact and agents , each acting alone , or their respective substitute or substitutes , may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof .
As Mr. Vincent served SWIFT ENERGY CO as President during 2015 , he is a Named Executive Officer as discussed in this Form 10 - K. Section 16 Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16 of the Exchange Act requires SWIFT ENERGY CO s directors , executive officers , and persons who own more than 10 % of SWIFT ENERGY CO s common stock to file reports with the SEC regarding their ownership of , and transactions in , SWIFT ENERGY CO s common stock .
On October 5,2016 , William Beers resigned as a Director due to ill health .
As of September 30 , 2017 , the Corporation has invested $ 3,954 of its total $ 8,000 commitment in Oxer and Tecum .
AICP payments to executive officers are funded from the EAICP incentive pool .
Our discussion and analysis of GLOBAL TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP , INC . financial condition and results of operations are based upon GLOBAL TECH INDUSTRIES GROUP , INC . financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
The 0.875 % debentures due 2021 are convertible into shares of SUNPOWER CORP 's common stock at any time based on an initial conversion price equal to $ 48.76 per share , which provides Total the right to acquire up to 5,126,775 shares of SUNPOWER CORP 's common stock .
As a consequence of the two member redemptions in 2015 , IBG , Inc. 's interest in IBG LLC increased to approximately 15.7 % , with Holdings owning the remaining 84.3 % .
Because Essent Reinsurance Ltd. is a Bermuda company , it is subject to changes in Bermuda law and regulation that may have an adverse impact on Essent Group Ltd. operations , including through the imposition of tax liability or increased regulatory supervision .
Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 I , Richard L. Van Kirk , certify that : I have reviewed this Form 10 - K of Pro - Dex , Inc. ; Based on my knowledge , this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made , in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made , not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report ; Based on my knowledge , the financial statements , and other financial information included in this report , fairly present in all material respects the financial condition , results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of , and for , the periods presented in this report ; I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures ( as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e ) and 15d-15(e ) ) and internal control over financial reporting ( as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f ) and 15d-15(f ) ) for the registrant and have : a ) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures , or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision , to ensure that material information relating to registrant , including its consolidated subsidiaries , is made known to me by others within those entities , particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared ; b ) Designed such internal control over financial reporting , or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision , to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ; c ) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures , as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation ; and d ) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter ( the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report ) that has materially affected , or is reasonably likely to materially affect , the registrant s internal control over financial reporting ; and I have disclosed , based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting , to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors ( or persons performing the equivalent functions ): a ) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record , process , summarize and report financial information ; and b ) any fraud , whether or not material , that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting .
ALRe is not licensed , accredited or approved in any state in the United States and , consequently , ALRe must collateralize its obligations to Athene Holding Ltd U.S. insurance subsidiaries or any third - party cedant in order for any of Athene Holding Ltd U.S. insurance subsidiaries or any third - party cedant to obtain credit against its reserves on its statutory basis financial statements ( unless the basis for such reinsurance transaction is modco ) .
FCC is headquartered and operates in the United Kingdom and is a leading provider of transaction settlement solutions .
On November 1 , 2013 , ISAA entered into an Acquisition and Plan of Share Exchange with Intela - Hear , LLC ( Intela - Hear ) , a commonly owned entity , whereby ISAA acquired 100 % of the outstanding equity of Intela - Hear in exchange for 27,000,000 shares of INNERSCOPE HEARING TECHNOLOGIES , INC . s common stock .
Edward S. Lampert Edward S. Lampert Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Sears Holdings Corporation .
( c ) Mr. Poling resigned as President and Chief Operating Officer of Grace effective February 3 , 2016 .
On November 18 , 2016 , MGT CAPITAL INVESTMENTS INC entered into an employment agreement with John McAfee pursuant to which Mr. McAfee joined MGT CAPITAL INVESTMENTS INC as Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Company .
Mr. Ianna served on the board of trustees of the Stevens Institute of Technology between 1997 and 2007 and as chairman of its subsidiary , Castle Point Holdings , Inc , between 2006 and 2007 .
Dean Jernigan . Dean Jernigan . Chairman and Chief Executive Officer . ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
Phebe N. Novakovic - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since January 2013 ; President and Chief Operating Officer , May 2012 - December 2012 ; Executive Vice President , Marine Systems , May 2010 - May 2012 ; Senior Vice President , Planning and Development , July 2005 - May 2010 ; Vice President , Strategic Planning , October 2002 - July 2005 .
Prior to joining Google as an employee , Diane received GOOGLE INC . standard non - employee director compensation .
Exhibit 32 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 Jack Kopnisky , Chief Executive Officer and Luis Massiani , Chief Financial Officer of Sterling Bancorp ( the Company ) each certify in his capacity as an officer of STERLING BANCORP that he has reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and that to the best of his knowledge : .
HILLS BANCORPORATION 's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
Other Divestitures During 2014 , WASTE MANAGEMENT INC sold WASTE MANAGEMENT INC Puerto Rico operations and received proceeds of $ 80 million , consisting of $ 65 million of cash and $ 15 million of preferred stock and recognized a loss of $ 25 million .
on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8 , 2017 ( the Report ) , Andrew J. Thomas , the Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant , and Joseph K. Vanderstelt , the Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to his knowledge : .
Mr. Mayer has served as a member of the Board of Directors of Microbot Israel since June 2014 , as the designated director of Alpha Capital .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Duke Energy Carolinas , LLC ( Duke Energy Carolinas ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Steven K. Young , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Duke Energy Carolinas , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 )
Initially , the PBPMS Board consists of William A. Hartman , PREMIER BIOMEDICAL INC President and Chief Executive Officer and member of PREMIER BIOMEDICAL INC Board of Directors , Ronald T. LaBorde , the Founder of ATS and member of PREMIER BIOMEDICAL INC Board of Directors , Dr. Patricio Reyes , PREMIER BIOMEDICAL INC Chief Technology Officer and member of PREMIER BIOMEDICAL INC Board of Directors , and John Borza , PREMIER BIOMEDICAL INC Vice - President and member of PREMIER BIOMEDICAL INC Board of Directors .
Through its business services subsidiary BSC , Exelon provides its operating subsidiaries with a variety of support services at cost .
BioHEP License In January 2016 , Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals , Inc. entered into an amended and restated license agreement , or the amended license agreement , with BioHEP which amended and restated Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals , Inc. prior license agreement with BioHEP which Spring Bank Pharmaceuticals , Inc. entered into in December 2003 .
On June 12 , 2017 , Emerald Medical Applications Corp. completed the issuance of 125,000 shares of Emerald Medical Applications Corp. s common stock to Alpha Anstalt Capital ( Alpha ) pursuant to Emerald Medical Applications Corp. s agreement with Alpha in the prior year .
Since Moelis & Co operate Moelis & Co business both in the U.S. and internationally , Moelis & Co are subject to many distinct broker dealer , employment , labor , benefits and tax laws in each country in which Moelis & Co operate , including regulations affecting Moelis & Co employment practices and Moelis & Co relations with Moelis & Co employees and service providers .
Power of Attorney : Pursuant to the Power of Attorney , Messrs. Lee and Loke , as the sole shareholders of GSN , granted to the GPHL the right to ( i ) attend shareholders meetings of GSN ( ii ) exercise all shareholder rights ( including voting rights ) with respect to such equity interests in GSN and ( iii ) designate and appoint on behalf of such shareholders the legal representative , directors , supervisors , and other senior management members of GSN .
In light of the material weakness described below , Sevion Therapeutics , Inc. performed additional analysis and other procedures to ensure that Sevion Therapeutics , Inc. consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10 - K were prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( GAAP ) .
These and other risks , uncertainties and factors , including those set forth under the sections captioned Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations herein , as updated by Hatteras Financial Corp quarterly and current reports that Hatteras Financial Corp file with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) , could cause Hatteras Financial Corp actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward - looking statements Hatteras Financial Corp make .
Lumos Networks Corp. conduct all of Lumos Networks Corp. business through Lumos Networks Corp. wholly - owned subsidiary Lumos Networks Operating Company and its subsidiaries .
Revenue to date has been generated primarily through IRONWOOD PHARMACEUTICALS INC collaboration agreements for the development and commercialization of linaclotide with Allergan for North America and AstraZeneca for China , Hong Kong and Macau , IRONWOOD PHARMACEUTICALS INC license agreements for the development and commercialization of linaclotide in Japan with Astellas and the development and commercialization of linaclotide with Allergan , and IRONWOOD PHARMACEUTICALS INC co - promotion agreements with Allergan for VIBERZI and Exact Sciences for Cologuard in the U.S.
H. SPURGEON MACKIE , JR , age 65 , has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer since 2013 .
NORFOLK SOUTHERN CORP investment in Conrail was $ 1.2 billion at both June 30 , 2017 , and December 31 , 2016 .
On June 30 , 2013 , China Teletech Holding Inc s subsidiary , Global Telecom Holdings Limited , entered into an agreement with an independent third party to dispose of its 51 % owned subsidiary Guangzhou Renwoxing Telecom Co , Limited for a cash consideration of US$ 3,232 .
On March 11 , 2016 , Maine Water entered into a purchase and sale agreement with the Coastal Mountains Land Trust , a Maine nonprofit corporation ( the Land Trust ) pursuant to which Maine Water agreed to sell two conservation easements to the Land Trust on approximately 1,300 acres of land located in the towns of Rockport , Camden and Hope , Knox County , Maine value in the aggregate at $ 3.1 million .
March 29 , 2016 James A. Attwood , Jr. Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors .
With respect to any suit , action or proceedings relating to any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement ( Proceedings ) , each party irrevocably : ( i ) submits : ( 1 ) if this Agreement is expressed to be governed by English law , to ( A ) the non - exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts if the Proceedings do not involve a Convention Court and ( B ) the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts if the Proceedings do involve a Convention Court ; or ( 2 ) if this Agreement is expressed to be governed by the laws of the State of New York , to the non - exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City ; ( ii ) waives any objection which it may have at any time to the laying of venue of any Proceedings brought in any such court , waives any claim that such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to object , with respect to such Proceedings , that such court does not have any jurisdiction over such party ; and ( iii ) agrees , to the extent permitted by applicable law , that the bringing of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions will not preclude the bringing of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction .
Mr. Kilstrom also served as a member of the board of directors of three Marathon subsidiaries from October 2003 through May 2005 .
In conjunction with the change in control , Mr. Wong H Sien Loong was elected to be FingerMotion , Inc. s CEO and CFO , and FingerMotion , Inc. s former acting CEO and CFO resigned .
BARNES & NOBLE INC s consolidated gross profit decreased $ 50.7 million , or 9.5 % , to $ 482.2 million during the 26 weeks ended October 28 , 2017 from $ 532.9 million during the 26 weeks ended October 29 , 2016 .
In accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , Richard J. Lampen , the President and Chief Executive Officer of Castle Brands Inc. ( the Registrant ) , and Alfred J. Small , Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant , each hereby certifies that : .
In November 2016 , PCM entered into a repurchase agreement ( the " First Tennessee Facility " ) with First Tennessee Bank to finance the origination and acquisition of residential mortgage loans .
For the three and nine month periods ended September 30 , 2017 , WINDSTREAM SERVICES , LLC consolidated results of operations include revenues and sales of $ 222.6 million and $ 529.7 million and operating income of $ 6.0 million and $ 10.0 million attributable to EarthLink .
In consideration for the Multipay Shares , Ipsidy Inc. agreed to issue to the Multipay Shareholders up to an aggregate of 7,600,000 shares of common stock of the Company .
Mr. Cavanagh forfeited these 17,131 DRUs upon his departure following his resignation as Co - President and Co - Chief Operating Officer in May 2015 .
By : / s / Pasquale Catizone Pasquale Catizone , Principal Executive Officer /s / Daniel Generelli Daniel Generelli , Principal Financial Officer 16 .
In accordance with Iowa law , IPL is required to file an EEP every five years .
THIS CONSULTING AGREEMENT ( " Agreement " ) is executed this 23 rd day of September , 2015 with an effective date as of July _ _ _ _ , 2015 ( the " Effective Date " ) , by and between ActiveCare , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( the " Company " ) , and BlueStone Advisors , LLC , a Utah limited liability company ( the " Consultant " ) .
From May 1999 through August 2003 , Mr. Merrill served as Senior Vice President , Finance with TV Guide Networks , Inc.
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS , that Hatteras Financial Corp , the undersigned officers and directors of Hatteras Financial Corp , hereby severally constitute Michael R. Hough , Benjamin M. Hough and Kenneth A. Steele , and each of them singly , Hatteras Financial Corp true and lawful attorneys with full power to them , and each of them singly , to sign for us and in Hatteras Financial Corp names in the capacities indicated below , the Form 10 - K filed herewith and any and all amendments to said Form 10 - K , and generally to do all such things in Hatteras Financial Corp names and in Hatteras Financial Corp capacities as officers and directors to enable Hatteras Financial Corp. to comply with the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended and all requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission , hereby ratifying and confirming Hatteras Financial Corp signatures as they may be signed by Hatteras Financial Corp said attorneys , or any of them , to said Form 10 - K and any and all amendments thereto .
Castle Brands Inc has valued the options at $ 2,752,750 using the Black - Scholes option pricing model .
On July 10 , 2012 , Ambient Water Corp entered into a Share Exchange Agreement ( the Share Exchange Agreement ) by and among AWG International Water Corporation and AWG International , Inc.
HURCO COMPANIES INC products are primarily sourced from foreign suppliers or built to HURCO COMPANIES INC specifications by either HURCO COMPANIES INC wholly - owned subsidiaries in Taiwan , the U.S , Italy and China or an affiliated contract manufacturer in Taiwan .
Prior to joining CSRA , Mr. Luebke served as CSC s Director of Internal Audit ( 2012 - 2015 ) .
The fair values of financial assets of SONO TEK CORP were determined using the following categories at February 28 , 2017 and February 29 , 2016 , respectively : .
The Amended KeyBank Subordinate Loan On June 1 , 2016 , in conjunction with the acquisition of the First Phase of the 27 Property Portfolio , Strategic Storage Trust II , Inc. entered into a credit agreement ( the Subordinate Loan Agreement ) in which Strategic Storage Trust II , Inc. borrowed $ 30 million ( the KeyBank Subordinate Loan ) with KeyBank , as administrative agent , KeyBanc Capital Markets , LLC , as the sole book runner and sole lead arranger , and the lenders party thereto .
The following is an analysis of FBR & Co. operating results by segment for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 .
In August , 2017 , LEARNING TREE INTERNATIONAL , INC . terminated its License Agreement with Educinvest SPRL , which termination became effective immediately .
In August 2011 , Castle Brands Inc and CB - USA entered into a loan agreement with Keltic Financial Partners II , LP ( Keltic ) , which , as amended , provides for availability ( subject to certain terms and conditions ) of a facility of up to $ 19.0 million ( the Credit Facility ) for the purpose of providing Castle Brands Inc with working capital .
Based solely on the reports received and on written representations from the reporting persons , CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY , INC . believe that , during the 2016 fiscal year , CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY , INC . CEO , Li Wang , CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY , INC . CFO and Treasurer , Ming Cheng , CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY , INC . Secretary , Lingjing Zhao , CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY , INC . directors Jun Wen , Hai Lin and Ruigang Guo , and CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY , INC . 10 % stockholders Hong Kong Nuoxin Investment Management Co , Limited , Hong Kong Quansheng Holding Management Co , Ltd and China Xin Fu Group Limited filed Form 3s later than is required under Section 16(a ) .
From July 2003 to April 2005 , Mr. Jacobs served as President of The Innovative Companies , LLC , a supplier of natural stone .
Net receipts from restricted funds Net cash received from WASTE MANAGEMENT INC restricted trust and escrow accounts contributed $ 51 million to WASTE MANAGEMENT INC investing activities in 2015 compared with $ 19 million in 2014 and $ 71 million in 2013 .
If MARCUS CORP were to sell one or more hotels during fiscal 2016 , that may also significantly impact MARCUS CORP fiscal 2016 operating results .
HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA continue to review HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA projected operating results related to the realization of these foreign tax credit carryforwards and if current market conditions persist or worsen through 2018 , HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA may not realize the full benefit of these carryforwards .
For instance , the NASDAQ rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting but would still require us to obtain stockholder approval if WL Ross Holding Corp. were seeking to issue more than 20 % of WL Ross Holding Corp. outstanding shares to a target business as consideration in any Business Combination .
Mr. D Aniello previously served as chairman and/or director of several private companies in which Carlyle had significant investment interests .
Inc. ( the " Company " ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended September 30 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " report " ) , I , Brian Conway , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of LIBERATED ENERGY , INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
BED BATH & BEYOND INC s market risks at November 26 , 2016 are similar to those disclosed in Item 7A of BED BATH & BEYOND INC s 2015 Form .
Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of March 3 , 2014 between Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company and Iconic Holdings , LLC ( incorporated by reference to Lithium Exploration Group , Inc.
Prior to his appointment as Chief Financial Officer of INPIXON , Mr. Harris had served as the Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Response Genetics , Inc. ( NASDAQ : RGDX ) , a company focused on the development and sale of molecular diagnostic tests that help determine a patient 's response to cancer therapy , since June 12 , 2013 and as the Interim Chief Financial Officer from August 2012 to June 12 , 2013 .
limitations imposed on PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust business and PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust ability to satisfy complex rules for us to qualify as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) for U.S. federal income tax purposes and qualify for an exclusion from the Investment Company Act of 1940 ( the Investment Company Act ) and the ability of certain of PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust subsidiaries to qualify as REITs or as taxable REIT subsidiaries ( TRSs ) for U.S. federal income tax purposes , as applicable , and PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust ability and the ability of PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust subsidiaries to operate effectively within the limitations imposed by these rules ; .
On September 30 , 2015 , the SGO MN Joint Venture used the capital contributions of the SGO MN Members , together with the proceeds of a loan from Bank of America , NA in the amount of $ 50.5 million , to acquire 14 retail properties located in Minnesota , North Dakota and Nebraska ( the SGO MN Properties ) from a subsidiary of IRET Properties , L.P , a subsidiary of Investors Real Estate Trust ( IRET ) , for a total purchase price of $ 79.0 million .
There have not been any significant changes with respect to the risks described in CHICOS FAS INC 2016 Form 10 - K as updated by CHICOS FAS INC Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended July 29 , 2017 , but these are not the only risks facing CHICOS FAS INC company .
Furthermore , if the pro rata portion of WL Ross Holding Corp. Trust Account distributed to WL Ross Holding Corp. public stockholders upon the redemption of WL Ross Holding Corp. public shares in the event WL Ross Holding Corp. do not complete an initial Business Combination within 24 months from the closing of WL Ross Holding Corp. IPO is not considered a liquidation distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful , then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL , the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution , instead of three years , as in the case of a liquidation distribution .
Mr. Blum has served as a director of Arrin Corporation , a public company , since December 2009 and , since November 2015 , serves as the Chairman and CEO of Potnetwork Holdings , Inc , a publicly traded company .
John W. Kapples joined Grace in December 2015 as Vice President and General Counsel , GCP .
ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC are highly dependent on Jeffrey Abbey , ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC president and chief executive officer , Charles Nicolette , ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC . vice president of research and development and chief scientific officer , and Richard Katz , ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC vice president and chief financial officer , as well as the other principal members of ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC management and scientific teams .
From April 1992 through April 1996 Mr. Parks served as Vice - President Gathering and Processing for Cimarron Gas Companies .
In connection with the Annual Report of Hornbeck Offshore Services , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( the Company ) , on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , James O. Harp , Jr , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and Information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA .
On March 27 , 2015 , INSEEGO CORP . entered into a merger agreement ( RER Merger Agreement ) with R.E.R. Enterprises , Inc. ( RER ) to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of RER and its wholly - owned subsidiary and principal operating asset , Feeney Wireless , LLC , an Oregon limited liability company ( collectively , FW ) .
Dividends : ARROW FINANCIAL CORP common stock is traded on NasdaqGS under the symbol AROW .
As of June 30 , 2017 , ESH Hospitality , Inc. owned and operated 625 hotel properties in 44 U.S. states , consisting of approximately 68,780 rooms .
Accounts receivable , net increased $ 22,625,000 year over year as a result of the increase in sales POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . have experienced and timing of payments .
On October 25 , 2017 , Mark J. Keeley was appointed as a director of First Foods Group , Inc. by the Board of Directors of the Company .
The following table sets forth information regarding TIER REIT INC leasing activity for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 : .
$ 15 million reduction to the loss from plant closure in 2015 primarily based on the CPUC approval of a compliance filing related to SDG E s authorized recovery of its investment in SONGS compared to a $ 21 million charge in 2014 to adjust the total loss from plant closure ; .
SWIFT ENERGY CO net loss of $ 1.7 billion for 2015 is primarily due to the $ 1.6 billion non - cash write - down of SWIFT ENERGY CO oil and gas properties .
THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO REVOLVING CREDIT AND SECURITY AGREEMENT ( this Amendment ) is made and entered into effective as of July 12 , 2017 by and among MAMMOTH ENERGY SERVICES , INC , a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Mammoth ) , MAMMOTH ENERGY PARTNERS LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Mammoth Partners ) , REDBACK ENERGY SERVICES LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Redback Energy ) , REDBACK COIL TUBING LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Redback Coil ) , REDBACK PUMPDOWN SERVICES LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Redback Pumpdown ) , MR . INSPECTIONS LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Mr. Inspections ) , MUSKIE PROPPANT LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Muskie ) , PANTHER DRILLING SYSTEMS LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Panther ) , BISON DRILLING AND FIELD SERVICES LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Bison Drilling ) , BISON TRUCKING LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Bison Trucking ) , WHITE WING TUBULAR SERVICES LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( White Wing ) , GREAT WHITE SAND TIGER LODGING LTD , a Canadian limited company ( Sand Tiger ) , STINGRAY PRESSURE PUMPING LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Stingray Pressure ) , STINGRAY LOGISTICS LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Stingray Logistics ) MAMMOTH ENERGY INC , a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Mammoth Inc. ) , BARRACUDA LOGISTICS LLC , a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Barracuda ) , SILVERBACK ENERGY SERVICES LLC , a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Silverback ) , Sand Tiger Holdings Inc , a Delaware corporation ( Sand Tiger Holdings ) , MAMMOTH EQUIPMENT LEASING LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Mammoth Equipment ) , COBRA ACQUISITIONS LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Cobra ) , COBRA ENERGY LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Cobra Energy ) , PIRANHA PROPPANT LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Piranha ) , MAKO ACQUISITIONS LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Mako ) and HIGHER POWER ELECTRICAL , LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Texas ( Higher Power ) , STURGEON ACQUISITIONS LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware ( Sturgeon ) , TAYLOR FRAC , LLC , a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Wisconsin ( Taylor Frac ) , TAYLOR REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS , LLC , a limited liability company formed under the laws of the State of Wisconsin ( Taylor Real Estate ) and SOUTH RIVER ROAD , LLC , a limited liability company formed under the laws of the State of Wisconsin ( South River , and together with Mammoth , Mammoth Partners , Redback Energy , Redback Coil , Redback Pumpdown , Mr. Inspections , Muskie , Panther , Bison Drilling , Bison Trucking , White Wing , Sand Tiger , Stingray Pressure , Stingray Logistics , Mammoth Inc , Barracuda , Silverback , Sand Tiger Holdings , Mammoth Equipment , Cobra , Cobra Energy , Piranha , Mako , Higher Power , Sturgeon , Taylor Frac , Taylor Real Estate and each Person joined hereto as a borrower from time to time , collectively , the Borrowers , and each a Borrower ) , the financial institutions which are now or which hereafter become a party hereto ( collectively , the Lenders and each individually a Lender ) and PNC BANK , NATIONAL ASSOCIATION ( PNC ) , as agent for Lenders ( PNC , in such capacity , together with its successors and assigns in such capacity , the Agent ) .
A summary of AeroGrow International , Inc. s common stock warrant activity for the period from April 1 , 2016 through December 31 , 2016 is presented below : .
On October 15 , 2014 , two of Orbital Tracking Corp. s former directors and Orbital Tracking Corp. s former Secretary resigned from all of their positions with Orbital Tracking Corp. and Mr. Rector , an existing board member , was appointed Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and became the sole director of the Company .
As Colonel in the Israeli Defense Force s Medical Corps , Dr. Baruch was the director of the Israeli field hospital in India following the 2001 earthquake and was the director of the joint USA - Israel Mental Health Team operation in Sri Lanka following the 2004 tsunami .
Name Age Position Employee of the FHLB Since Andrew S. Howell President and Chief Executive Officer Donald R. Able Executive Vice President - Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer R. Kyle Lawler Executive Vice President - Chief Business Officer Stephen J. Sponaugle Executive Vice President - Chief Risk and Compliance Officer Damon v. Allen Senior Vice President - Community Investment Officer J. Christopher Bates Senior Vice President - Chief Accounting Officer Roger B. Batsel Senior Vice President - Chief Information Officer James G. Dooley , Sr . Senior Vice President - Internal Audit David C. Eastland Senior Vice President - Chief Credit Officer Tami L. Hendrickson Senior Vice President - Treasurer .
Freeze Tag , Inc. revenues decreased $ 20,168 to $ 4,880 for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 from $ 25,048 for the three months ended June 30 , 2016 , and decreased $ 38,118 to $ 8,707 for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 from $ 46,825 for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 .
In the course of preparing IMPINJ INC consolidated financial statements in prior years , IMPINJ INC , in conjunction with IMPINJ INC independent registered public accounting firm , identified an error in the accounting treatment for the recapitalization of IMPINJ INC company in 2012 and the impact of the recapitalization on earnings per share that resulted in the restatement of IMPINJ INC previously issued financial statements for the years ended December 31 , 2012 and 2013 .
As of December 31 , 2015 , RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . owned one development property , South Billings Center located in Billings , Montana , with a carrying value of $ 5,157 which is not under active development .
IMPERVA INC expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which IMPERVA INC operations are located , which is primarily in the U.S. and Israel and to a lesser extent in EMEA and APAC .
In addition , as discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements , ALABAMA POWER CO provides postretirement benefits to substantially all employees and funds trusts to the extent required by the FERC and the Florida PSC .
Under this shelf registration statement , in 2011 , Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. issued 1,983,624 shares of common stock ( with a fair value of $ 29 million ) to Holdings in exchange for an equivalent number of shares of member interests in IBG LLC .
On May 20 , 2011 , GENEREX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP former Chief Financial Officer , Rose Perri filed a statement of claim ( subsequently amended ) in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice , naming as defendants GENEREX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP and certain directors of GENEREX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP , Mr. Barratt , Ms. Masterson , Mr. McGee , and Mr. Fletcher .
ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC net loss was $ 74.8 million for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , $ 53.0 million for the year ended December 31 , 2016 and $ 24.1 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 .
The selected consolidated statements of financial data for the fiscal years ended May 31 , 2017 , 2016 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 are derived from National American University Holdings , Inc. s audited consolidated financial statements included in this document and those documents filed in prior years , prepared in accordance with accounting standards generally accepted in the United States .
In addition , Surgical Care Affiliates , Inc. subsidiaries , including Surgical Care Affiliates , Inc. direct operating subsidiary , SCA , are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to make any funds available to us .
Director James H. Hance , Jr. Operating Executive and Director Janet Hill .
Mr. Biderman has served as a director and chair of the audit committee , as well as a member of the corporate governance and nominating committee , of Full Circle Capital Corporation from August 2010 until November 2016 ; a director and member of the audit committee of Great Elm Capital Corp. since November 2016 ; a director and chair of the compensation committee , as well as a member of the audit committee , of Apollo Commercial Real Estate Finance , Inc. since November 2010 ; and a director and chair of the audit committee , and a member of the nominating and corporate governance committee , of Apollo Residential Mortgage , Inc. from July 2011 until September 2016 .
Hughes Satellite Systems Corp were formed as a Colorado corporation in March 2011 to facilitate the acquisition ( the Hughes Acquisition ) of Hughes Communications , Inc. and its subsidiaries ( Hughes Communications ) and related financing transactions .
Revenue generated from defense clients was $ 2.7 billion , or approximately 46.6 % of Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corp revenue in fiscal 2017 as compared to $ 2.6 billion , or approximately 48.3 % of Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corp revenue in fiscal 2016 .
In connection with its acquisition of Pingora , as discussed in Note 1 , Hatteras Financial Corp entered agreements with PLS to begin investing in MSR during the third quarter of 2015 .
From January 2005 to January 2008 , Mr. Graver served as Executive Director of Morgan Stanley Investment Management and from August 2003 to January 2005 , Mr. Graver served as Vice President of Morgan Stanley Investment Management .
Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon Capstead s consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
On December 15 , 2015 , the Operating Partnership acquired the assets of Propane USA Distribution , LLC ( Propane USA ) , a propane marketer headquartered in Margate , Florida , and its affiliate companies , for $ 45,000 , of which $ 41,250 was paid as of December 26 , 2015 .
As of December 31 , 2015 , MARCUS CORP theatre operations included 53 movie theatres with 668 screens throughout Wisconsin , Illinois , Iowa , Minnesota , Nebraska , North Dakota and Ohio , including two movie theatres with 11 screens in Wisconsin and Nebraska owned by third parties and managed by us .
Annual Report , as well as in other documents ProPhase Labs , Inc. file from time to time with the SEC which address additional risks that could cause ProPhase Labs , Inc. actual results to differ from those set forth in any forward - looking statements .
The rates CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT charge CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT customers in Connecticut and Maine are established under the jurisdiction of and are approved by the PURA and MPUC , respectively .
Other than the United States , no other country or single customer accounted for more than 15 % of BAKER HUGHES a GE Co LLC gross trade receivables at these dates .
Ben M. Palmer has been the Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of RPC since 1996 .
FIRST HAWAIIAN , INC . consumer lending activities are concentrated primarily in Hawaii and to a smaller extent Guam and Saipan .
Pursuant to an agreement between Mr. Miller and Bank of America , N.A , as lender ( the Lender ) , Mr. Miller pledged 151,200 common units as security for a loan the Lender made to Mr. Miller ( the Miller Pledge Agreement ) .
Stephen E. Kuczynski President and Chief Executive Officer of Southern Nuclear Age 53 Elected in 2011 .
Previously , Mr. Seward was Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , and director of Seafield Capital Corporation , a publicly - traded investment holding company .
Terri Garnick has served as Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since January 2014 .
Foreign Currency Translation : The financial information of Delphax s subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and France are measured in their functional currencies , Pound Sterling and Euro , respectively , before translating to U.S. dollars .
In December 2014 , Cytosorbents Corp entered into a multi - country strategic partnership with Fresenius Medical Care AG CO KGaA to commercialize the CytoSorb therapy .
Blaine E. Hurst , PANERA BREAD CO President ; .
If these funds are needed for BALLANTYNE STRONG , INC . operations in the U.S , BALLANTYNE STRONG , INC . would be required to pay U.S. income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on a portion of these funds when repatriated back to the U.S. Cash Flows from Operating Activities .
Reimbursement of LinnCo s Costs and Expenses LINN Energy has agreed to provide to LinnCo , or to pay on LinnCo s behalf , any financial , legal , accounting , tax advisory , financial advisory and engineering fees , and other administrative and out - of - pocket expenses incurred by LinnCo , along with any other expenses incurred in connection with any public offering of common shares representing limited liability company interests ( shares ) in LinnCo or incurred as a result of being a publicly traded entity .
The financial position and results of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC operations in Canada , Singapore , and Switzerland are measured in U.S. Dollars .
For 12 years before that , Mr. Cooper was employed by Rockwell International Corporation , last serving as its manager of housing and urban developments where he had responsibility for factory - built housing evaluation and project management in urban planning and development .
The 2012 TT C Agreement replaced the TT C agreement Hughes Satellite Systems Corp entered into with DISH Network in connection with the Spin - off .
On April 18 , 2017 , Mr. Yao Zhenhua , Chairman of Shenzhen Baoneng Investment Group ( Baoneng ) , came to Hangzhou to visit the JV Company with more than 10 people .
Mr. Penn , the Chairman of the Board , is charged with presiding over all meetings of the Board and Metaldyne Performance Group Inc. s stockholders , and providing advice and counsel to the CEO and other Company officers regarding Metaldyne Performance Group Inc. s business and operations .
Of this amount , approximately $ 0.4 billion ( as of December 31 , 2014 $ 0.4 billion ) is attributable to earnings of Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. 's foreign subsidiaries that are considered " pass - through " entities for U.S. income tax purposes .
The failure of , or the requirement to repair , upgrade or dismantle , any of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT dams may adversely affect CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT financial condition and results of operations .
Following the consummation of the Mergers , the board of directors of the Combined Company will consist of eleven members , comprised of Bryce Blair , Frederick C. Tuomi , Richard D. Bronson , Michael D. Fascitelli , Jonathan D. Gray , Robert G. Harper , Jeffrey E. Kelter , John B. Rhea , Janice L. Sears , William J. Stein and Barry S. Sternlicht , with Bryce Blair to be appointed Chairman of the Combined Company s board of directors and Michael D. Fascitelli to be appointed Chairman of the Investment Committee of the Combined Company s board of directors .
The Employee Matters Agreement provides for the conversion of the outstanding awards granted under the Grace equity compensation programs into adjusted awards relating to shares of Grace common stock and/or GCP common stock .
In connection with this Quarterly Report of Blue Dolphin Energy Company ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 ( the Report ) , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I , Jonathan P. Carroll , Chairman of the Board , Chief Executive Officer , President , Assistant Treasurer and Secretary ( Principal Executive Officer ) of BLUE DOLPHIN ENERGY CO , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
John Zapp , one of CHUY 'S HOLDINGS , INC . founders , has served as a member of CHUY 'S HOLDINGS , INC . board since November 2006 and became Co - Chairman of the Board in October 2013 .
To the extent NexPoint Capital , Inc. taxable earnings fall below the total amount of NexPoint Capital , Inc. distributions for a taxable year , a portion of those distributions may be deemed a return of capital to NexPoint Capital , Inc. stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes .
CENTENE CORP financing activities provided cash of $ 305 million , $ 198 million and $ 154 million in 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively .
From 2009 to 2010 , Mr. Tong served as Executive Deputy General Manager at Zhongshan Yinli Automatic System Devices Co , Ltd.
The undersigned , Andrew Schlossberg , Principal Executive Officer of Invesco PowerShares Capital Management LLC , the Managing Owner of PowerShares DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund ( the Trust ) , hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
As consideration for the acquisition of Deep Blue s interests in the Properties , Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. shall pay to Deep Blue an aggregate of $ 12,500,000 which is payable in various installments over the next year .
Stephen C. Gray was elected as a director of SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC in January 2011 , was named interim President and Chief Executive Officer in August 2014 and named President and Chief Executive Officer in February 2015 .
On July 29 , 2016 , Youngevity International , Inc. acquired certain assets of Renew Interest , LLC ( Renew ) formerly owned by SOZO Global , Inc. ( SOZO ) , a direct sales company that offers nutritional supplements , skin and personal care products , weight loss products and coffee products .
During the year ended December 31 , 2016 , GOLDRICH MINING CO filed amended tax returns to correct allocations of Joint Venture losses reported to GOLDRICH MINING CO for the years ending 2012 through 2015 , resulting in an increase in losses reported on its federal and state tax returns of $ 7.5 million and $ 6.8 million , respectively .
These costs are not reflected in La Quinta Holdings Inc. historical results for the periods prior to April 14 , 2014 , but are included in La Quinta Holdings Inc. results for the periods following the consu mmation of the IPO .
Mr. Eberwein serves as Chairman of the board of three other public companies : Digirad Corporation ( NASDAQ : DRAD ) , a medical imaging Company ; Ameri Holdings , Inc. ( OTC : AMRH ) , an IT services company ; and Hudson Global Inc. ( NASDAQ : HSON ) , a global recruitment company .
STAMPS.COM INC expect the percent increase in research and development expense in 2017 to be less than the percent increase in 2016 , as 2016 reflected a full year of Endicia results , as opposed to approximately one and a half months in 2015 .
During 2016 , Helmut Kerschbaumer , ULURU Inc. former President , Chief Executive Officer , and Director , and Klaus Kuehne , a former director of ULURU Inc , were each a party to consulting agreements for providing services to ULURU Inc. in the field of operations , marketing , manufacturing , and business development .
The other comprehensive income ( loss ) before reclassification of $ 17,100 includes the remeasurement of intercompany transactions of a long - term nature of $ 12,070 with certain subsidiaries whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar , and $ 5,029 from translating the financial statements of VOXX International Corp 's non - U.S. dollar functional currency subsidiaries into VOXX International Corp reporting currency , which is the U.S. dollar .
In 2017 , Essent Group Ltd. expect an increasing portion of Essent Group Ltd. consolidated earnings will be generated in Bermuda and accordingly expect that Essent Group Ltd. effective tax rate will decline below Essent Group Ltd. effective tax rate for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
From May 1973 to February 1986 , Mr. Cassano served as partner and director of strategic management services ( Europe ) for the strategic management group of Hay Associates .
Cinemark Holdings , Inc. and subsidiaries ( the Company ) operates in the motion picture exhibition industry , with theatres in the United States ( U.S. ) , Brazil , Argentina , Chile , Colombia , Peru , Ecuador , Honduras , El Salvador , Nicaragua , Costa Rica , Panama , Guatemala , Bolivia , Curacao and Paraguay .
The decrease in 2016 was partially offset by charges associated with volume deficiencies in 2016 attributable to PENN VIRGINIA CORP throughput commitments to Republic as well as higher costs for unused firm transportation services in the Marcellus in the 2016 period prior to PENN VIRGINIA CORP termination of operations in that region .
Depreciation and amortization expense increased by $ 185 million primarily due to increased depreciation expense as a result of ongoing capital expenditures across all operating companies and the inclusion of PHI s results for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 compared to the period March 24 , 2016 to June 30 , 2016 , partially offset by lower accelerated depreciation and amortization as a result of the 2017 decision to early retire the TMI nuclear facility compared to the previous decision in 2016 to early retire the Clinton and Quad Cities nuclear facilities .
Namely , the Trump administration has taken several executive actions , including the issuance of a number of Executive Orders , that could impose significant burdens on , or otherwise materially delay , FDA s ability to engage in routine regulatory and oversight activities such as implementing statutes through rulemaking , issuance of guidance , and review and approval of marketing applications .
During the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , Specialized Agent Services revenue increased $ 5.2 million , or 3.8 % , to $ 141.1 million from $ 135.9 million for the six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
Mr. Johnson s employment may be terminated by PHOTOMEDEX INC for Cause , as defined in the Agreement , upon delivery of a Notice of Termination by PHOTOMEDEX INC to him , except where he is entitled to a cure period , in which case the Date of Termination will be upon the expiration of the cure period if the matter constituting Cause was not cured .
CENTENE CORP operate under a contract with the Arkansas Department of Human Services Division of Medical Services and the Arkansas Insurance Department to participate in the Medicaid expansion model that Arkansas has adopted ( referred to as the " private option " ) .
GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC published a summary of GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC annual DFAST results in June 2016 .
La Quinta Holdings Inc. current form of franchise agreement for newly franchised hotels in the United States requires a franchisee to pay a royalty fee of 4.5 % of gross room revenues during the first two years of operating under La Quinta Holdings Inc. brand .
The U.S. Debit and Credit segment includes CPI Card Group Inc. s operations in Colorado , Indiana and Tennessee , which are each certified by multiple global Payment Card Brands , and where requi red by CPI Card Group Inc. s customers , certified to be in compliance with the standards of the PCI Security Standards Council .
AGREEMENT ( the Agreement ) is made and entered into this 1 st of September , 2015 by and between HANOVER INTERNATIONAL , INC , located at 61691 Topaz Drive , LaQuinta , California 92253 , ( hereinafter referred to as HANOVER ) , and QuantumSphere , Inc. located at 2905 Tech Center Drive , Santa Ana , California 92705 , ( hereinafter referred to as the Company ) .
In connection with the closing of FERRELLGAS PARTNERS FINANCE CORP acquisition of Bridger in June 2015 , Bridger entered into a ten - year transportation and logistics agreement ( the Jamex TLA ) with Jamex Marketing , LLC ( Jamex ) pursuant to which Jamex would be responsible for certain payments to Bridger and also for sourcing crude oil volumes for Bridger s largest customer at that time .
Lumos Networks Corp. common stock is traded on t he NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol LMOS .
At October 31 , 2016 , FUELCELL ENERGY INC have uncertain tax positions aggregating $ 15.7 million and have reduced FUELCELL ENERGY INC net operating loss carryforwards by this amount .
Exhibit 10.2 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 10 - Q filed August 6 , 2010 .
Mortgage Servicing Rights Hatteras Financial Corp invest in the income from MSR through ownership interests in Hatteras Financial Corp wholly owned subsidiary , PLS .
Mr. John J. Park , W. P. Carey Inc. Director of Strategy and Capital Markets , will succeed Mr. Fox as President on that date .
Pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement , LEGACY VENTURES INTERNATIONAL INC . agreed to exchange the outstanding equity stock of Nexalin held by the Nexalin Shareholders for units ( the Units ) consisting of an aggregate of approximately 25,000,000 newly issued shares of the Common Stock , $ 0.001 par value , of LEGACY VENTURES INTERNATIONAL INC . and warrants ( the Warrants ) to purchase an aggregate of approximately 25,000,000 newly issued shares of the Common Stock , $ 0.001 par value , of LEGACY VENTURES INTERNATIONAL INC .
The Square 1 Credit Agreement contains certain representations and warranties that must be made and certain other conditions that must be met for the Purchaser and XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP to cause Square 1 to make loans .
Exhibit 10.1b to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 10 - Q filed August 6 , 2010 .
Mr. Moos has also served as Prime s President since April 2007 , Secretary since June 2011 and Treasurer since October 2013 .
( b ) If to Addus HomeCare Corp , to : Addus HealthCare , Inc. 6801 Gaylord Parkway Suite 110 Frisco , TX 75034 Attention : CEO With a copy , which shall not constitute notice , to : Bass Berry Sims PLC 150 Third Avenue South Suite 2800 Nashville , TN 37201 Attention : David Cox , Esq .
Table of Contents During the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , Clearside Biomedical , Inc. operating activities used net cash of $ 11.0 million and $ 4.4 million , respectively .
STWB and its parent , Bayer , filed proofs of claim against EASTMAN KODAK CO and its U.S. subsidiaries .
Mr. Durando was Microphase s chief operating officer since May 1 , 1995 and a director since March 31 , 2010 until his resignation from both positions on January 22 , 2015 .
Michael Ansley President , Chief Executive Officer , Director , Chairman of the Board and Principal Executive Officer . /s/ David G. Burke .
As consideration for the purchase , Huntwicke Capital Group Inc. agreed to issue Butler 61,396 shares of common stock of Huntwicke Capital Group Inc. valued at $ 431,050 .
Sales of SMT electronic assembly alignment sensors to two OEM customers constituted 21 % of CYBEROPTICS CORP revenue in 2015 , and the loss of either of these customers would have a materially adverse impact on CYBEROPTICS CORP results of operations .
As of March 31 , 2017 , RJ Bank had not settled purchases of $ 53 million in syndicated loans .
Anthony J. Guzzi President and Chief Executive Officer .
Mr. O Sullivan has served as President and Chief Operating Officer since 2009 and a member of the Board of Directors since 2014 .
Because of constraints on Ominto , Inc. sources of capital and Ominto , Inc. liquidity needs , Ominto , Inc. continued to borrow from Michael Hansen , the founder of Dubli , a Director , and current Executive Vice President , Development , during the years ended September 30 , 2015 and 2014 .
On April 28 , 2017 , the acquisition of an 80 % controlling interest in Pelican , a related party prior to acquisition , was completed .
Venator Materials PLC ( the Company ) , a company incorporated in the United Kingdom , was formed on April 28 , 2017 and has a single wholly - owned subsidiary , Venator Finance S.r.l .
If a delisting of AXT INC common stock were to occur , AXT INC common stock would trade in the over - the - counter market and be quoted on a service such as those provided by OTC Markets Group , Inc.
Due to the March 18 , 2016 effective date and the two - month reporting lag , Walgreens Boots Alliance , Inc. results for the 12 month period ended August 31 , 2016 include approximately three and a half months of equity method income relating to Walgreens Boots Alliance , Inc. investment in AmerisourceBergen .
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) , Alphabet as of October 2 , 2015 , and Google as of May 26 , 2015 .
ADOBE SYSTEMS INC can not provide assurance that all of ADOBE SYSTEMS INC employees , contractors and agents , as well as those companies to which ADOBE SYSTEMS INC outsource certain of ADOBE SYSTEMS INC business operations , including those based in or from countries where practices that violate such U.S. laws may be customary , will not take actions in violation of ADOBE SYSTEMS INC internal policies .
Mr. Hansen was also the Controller at Kraft Foodservice , Inc. from 1994 to 1995 and held other accounting and procurement positions at Kraft Foodservice , Inc.
In addition , ACTIVECARE , INC . agrees to pay the annual renewal premium on the key man life insurance policy with ATI as the owner and beneficiary .
Converted by EDGARwiz CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 , AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES - OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Taxus Pharmaceuticals Holdings Inc ( the Company ) for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , the undersigned , Jiayue Zhang , Chief Executive Officer of TAXUS PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDINGS , INC , certifies that , to the best of my knowledge : ( 1 ) the Report fully complies , in all material respects , with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and ( 2 ) all information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , TAXUS PHARMACEUTICALS HOLDINGS , INC . s financial condition and results of operations .
Credit Ratings The following table details AAG and American s credit ratings as of June 30 , 2017 : .
Mr. Berra served as Senior Vice President , Legal and Governmental Affairs and General Counsel for Solutia Inc. from December 2009 until July 2012 when Solutia was sold to Eastman Chemical .
At the state level , some states , including North Dakota where Oasis Petroleum Inc. primarily operate , have adopted , and other states are considering adopting ,
The income statements of KINGOLD JEWELRY , INC . operations are translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rates in each applicable period .
Overview CION Investment Corp were incorporated under the general corporation laws of the State of Maryland on August 9 , 2011 and commenced operations on December 17 , 2012 upon raising proceeds of $ 2,500 from persons not affiliated with us , CIM or Apollo .
If the Participant makes a timely election under COBRA to continue the medical , vision and/or dental benefits that were provided by Dr Pepper Snapple Group , Inc. immediately prior to the Termination Date , Dr Pepper Snapple Group , Inc. will pay the associated COBRA premiums for the eighteen ( 18 ) month period commencing on the Termination Date ( the Continuation Period ) , minus the premium the Participant would have paid for such coverage as an active employee .
Mr. Wong serves as a board member and chairperson of the compensation committee of Xueda Education Group ( NYSE : XUE ) .
Orange , CA In March 2016 , Volt Orangeca Real Estate Corp , an indirect wholly - owned subsidiary of VOLT INFORMATION SCIENCES , INC . completed the sale of real property comprised of land and buildings with office space of approximately 191,000 square feet in Orange , California for a purchase price of $ 35.9 million .
The primary factors affecting BOX INC operating cash flows during this period were BOX INC net loss of $ 168.2 million , partially offset by non - cash charges of $ 31.9 million for stock - based compensation , $ 29.0 million for depreciation and amortization of BOX INC property and equipment and intangible assets , $ 12.1 million for amortization of deferred commissions , and net cash inflows of $ 11.3 million provided by changes in BOX INC operating assets and liabilities .
Landis Experience Center , LLC ( LEC ) , a Utah limited liability company , was organized on January 23 , 2012 as a wholly - owned subsidiary of Green for the purpose of operating an Aveda retail store in the City Creek Mall in Salt Lake City , Utah .
As part of LinnCo , LLC plan to ( i ) create new sources of capital to allow us to acquire and develop assets without increasing capital intensity , ( ii ) enhance LinnCo , LLC long - term ability to live within cash flow and ( iii ) provide opportunities for dropdowns of stable production over time , LinnCo , LLC entered into strategic alliances with GSO Capital Partners LP ( GSO ) , the credit platform of The Blackstone Group L.P , to fund oil and natural gas development ( DrillCo ) and Quantum Energy Partners ( Quantum ) to fund selected future oil and natural gas acquisitions and the development of those acquired assets through a new entity ( AcqCo ) .
BUSINESS , " Water Quality " of the Exelon 2016 Form 10 - K for further discussion .
In February 2015 , MARCUS CORP entered into a joint venture agreement with IM Properties and Bradford Real Estate , two retail development and investment experts , to serve as the new project management team leading The Corners to completion .
The undersigned , Jay Wells , Chief Financial Officer of Cott Corporation ( the Company ) , has executed this certification in connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of COTT CORP /CN/ s
ALABAMA POWER CO is required to file with the Mississippi PSC for an adjustment to the fuel cost recovery , ad valorem , and environmental factors annually .
Mr. Schroeder also serves as a director of the following publicly traded companies : DecisionPoint Systems , Inc , a leading provider and integrator of Enterprise Mobility , Wireless Applications and RFID solutions , and Intellinetics , Inc , a provider of cloud - based enterprise content management solutions .
Interest Income and Other Interest income and other includes interest earned on investments and gains and losses associated with foreign currency transactions , including intercompany financing transactions associated with CYBEROPTICS CORP subsidiaries in the United Kingdom , Singapore and China .
David Young David Young , Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer 18 .
Premium and service revenues increased 37 % in the year ended December 31 , 2015 , primarily as a result of expansions or new programs in many of CENTENE CORP states , particularly Florida , Illinois , Indiana , Louisiana , Mississippi , Ohio and Texas .
A summary of Digital Realty Trust , L.P. operating results for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 is as follows ( in thousands ) .
Certification of Thomas J. Ferree , Senior Vice President Finance , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Paperweight Development Corp , pursuant to Rule 15d-14(a ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended .
Bullfrog Gold Corp. believe Bullfrog Gold Corp. future success will depend upon Bullfrog Gold Corp. ability to retain Bullfrog Gold Corp. key management , including Mr. Beling , Bullfrog Gold Corp. Chief Executive Officer , President , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer , Secretary and director , and Mr. Lindsay , the Chairman of Bullfrog Gold Corp. Board of Directors .
W. Paul Bowers Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer , and Director Age 59 Elected in 2010 .
Excluding t he charges for estimated probable losses related to construction of the Kemper IGCC , AGL Resources acquisition costs , and additional costs related to an insurance settlement , Southern Company 's 2015 results compared with its targets for some of these key indicators are reflected in the following chart : .
Rate CNP PPA Alabama Power 's retail rates , approved by the Alabama PSC , provide for adjustments to recognize the placing of new generating facilities into retail service under Rate CNP .
Warrant In connection with the New Credit Agreement , PEAK6 Investments purchased , for an aggregate purchase price of $ 1.5 million in cash , a warrant to purchase an aggregate of 1.5 million shares of INTERSECTIONS INC common stock at an exercise price of $ 5.00 per share ( " Warrant " ) .
Neiman Marcus Group LTD LLC effective income tax rate may fluctuate from period to period due to a variety of factors , including changes in Neiman Marcus Group LTD LLC assessment of certain tax contingencies , valuation allowances , changes in federal , state and foreign tax laws , outcomes of administrative audits , changes in Neiman Marcus Group LTD LLC corporate structure , the impact of other discrete or non - recurring items and the mix of earnings among Neiman Marcus Group LTD LLC U.S. and foreign operations , where the statutory rates are generally lower than in the United States .
Within the global interest rate markets , losses were recorded during January from long positions in European and U.S. fixed income futures as prices fell amid positive economic reports and after European Central Bank President Mario Draghi said the euro - area economy should gradually recover during the year .
The PRC tax rate has been used because the majority of China Biologic Products , Inc. s consolidated pre - tax earnings arise in the PRC .
Alliance MMA , Inc. future success significantly depends on the continued service and performance of Alliance MMA , Inc. key management personnel , including Alliance MMA , Inc. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , Paul Danner , Alliance MMA , Inc. Chief Financial Officer , John Price and Alliance MMA , Inc. President , Robert Haydak .
BLUE SPHERE CORP . terminated the services of JS Barkats LLC in 2012 and believe the claims brought by JS Barkats PLLC are without merit , that the TRO was improvidently granted , and that JS Barkats PLLC misrepresented , mischaracterized and omitted material facts and the law in seeking the TRO .
HILLS BANCORPORATION common stock is not listed on the NASDAQ stock market or any other stock exchange .
In June 2016 , WBI Energy sold all of the outstanding membership interests in Dakota Prairie Refining .
On July 8 , 2015 , Medovex Corp. entered into a commercial building lease agreement with Sugar Oak Kimball Royal , LLC .
Moshe Gidansky is an accountant ( CPA ) and an attorney in Israel .
Prior to joining Grant Thornton LLP , Mr. Lichtenstein served as an accountant for Soloway von Rosen CPA from 1970 to 1974 and for Touche Ross Bailey Smart from 1969 to 1970 .
If the LLC terminates the lease , termination is effective 30 days after receipt by MHMI of written notice to terminate the Mt. Hope Lease and no further payments would be due to MHMI .
In California , Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. operates by maintaining long - term management service agreements with the PPCs , which are each owned and operated by physicians , and which employ or contract with additional physicians to provide hospitalist services .
The increase in MARCUS CORP average concession revenues per person contributed approximately $ 1.6 million and $ 3.6 million , respectively , to MARCUS CORP comparable theatre concession revenues during the third quarter and first three quarters of fiscal 2017 compared to the third quarter and first three quarters of fiscal .
Peak is entitled to , at any time or from time to time , convert each convertible debenture issued under the SPA into shares of PETRONE WORLDWIDE , INC . s common stock , at a conversion price per share ( the Conversion Price ) equal to either : ( i ) if no event of default has occurred under the respective convertible debenture and the date of conversion is prior to the date that is one hundred eighty days after the issuance date of the respective convertible debenture , $ 0.25 , or ( ii ) if an event of default has occurred under the respective convertible debenture or the date of conversion is on or after the date that is one hundred eighty days after the issuance date of the respective convertible debenture , the lesser of ( a ) $ 0.25 or ( b ) 65 % of the lowest closing bid price of the common stock for the twenty trading days immediately preceding the date of the date of conversion ( provided , further , that if either PETRONE WORLDWIDE , INC . is not DWAC operational at the time of conversion or the common stock is traded on the OTC Pink at the time of conversion , then 65 % shall automatically adjust to 60 % ) , subject in each case to equitable adjustments resulting from any stock splits , stock dividends , recapitalizations or similar events .
Indenture relating to the EH Holding Corporation ( currently known as Hughes Satellite Systems Corporation ) 7 5/8 % Senior Unsecured Notes due 2021 , dated as of June 1 , 2011 , by and among EH Holding Corporation , the guarantors listed on the signature page thereto , and Wells Fargo Bank , National Association , as trustee ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to EchoStar Corporation s Current Report on Form 8 - K , filed June 2 , 2011 , Commission File
Liberty Interactive Corp s wholly - owned subsidiary , QVC , Inc. s ( QVC ) business is seasonal due to a higher volume of sales in the fourth calendar quarter related to year - end holiday shopping .
Results Based Outsourcing Inc have one director , Ms Mary Ellen Schloth .
These expenses include costs associated with annual , quarterly and other reports to holders of LinnCo shares , tax return and Form 1099 preparation and distribution , NASDAQ listing fees , printing costs , independent auditor fees and expenses , legal counsel fees and expenses , limited liability company governance and compliance expenses , and registrar and transfer agent fees .
CCI has agreed to become the initial tenant in AmeriCann , Inc. planned MMCC .
Graham Hood , Neff Corp Chief Executive Officer , has 37 years of rental industry experience and Mark Irion , Neff Corp Chief Financial Officer , has 17 years of rental industry experience .
In connection with this Annual Report of Monaker Group , Inc.   , on Form 10 - K for the year ended February 28 , 2017 , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I , William Kerby , Principal Executive Officer of Monaker Group , Inc , certify to the best of my knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
Global Cosmetics Inc. was incorporated on September 17 , 2015 in Nevada with authorized capital of 150,000,000 shares of $ 0.001 par value common stock and 10,000,000 shares of $ 0.001 par value preferred stock .
With Mylan s acquisition activity in 2016 , which followed extensive acquisition activity in 2015 as well as several other large scale acquisi
Exhibit 32.2 In connection with the annual report of SeaChange International , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended January 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Peter R. Faubert , Chief Financial Officer of SEACHANGE INTERNATIONAL INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to my knowledge : .
INTEL CORP net revenue for the first nine months of 2017 increased by $ 2.7 billion , or 6 % , compared to the first nine months of 2016 , which reflected an extra workweek .
Mr. Ross Dove was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Heritage Global Inc. on May 5 , 2015 and has served as Co - Managing Partner of Heritage Global Partners , Inc. since its founding in October 2009 .
During 2015 , MOSAIC CO entered into U.S. dollar - denominated intercompany debt held by MOSAIC CO Canadian affiliates which more than offset gains on MOSAIC CO U.S. dollar - denominated intercompany receivables and U.S. dollar cash held by MOSAIC CO Canadian affiliates .
Also , in connection with the Berry acquisition ( see Note 2 ) , LinnCo , LLC assumed certain derivative contracts that Berry had entered into prior to the acquisition date , including oil swaps , oil trade month roll swaps and oil collars through 2014 , and oil basis swaps and oil three - way collars through 2015 .
STK Miami operates an STK restaurant , and operated a bar and lounge known as Coco de Ville located in Miami Beach , Florida .
Growing the market for POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . products in Asia and other markets outside of the United States may take longer and cost more to develop than POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . anticipate and is subject to inherent risks , including unexpected changes in government policies , trade barriers restricting POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . ability to sell POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . products in those countries , longer payment cycles , exposure to currency fluctuations , and foreign exchange controls that restrict or prohibit repatriation of funds .
In connection with the Annual Report of Central Federal Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 201 5 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , the undersigned , Timothy T. O Dell , Chief Executive Officer of CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP and John W. Helmsdoerfer , Chief Financial Officer of CENTRAL FEDERAL CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as added by Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
In the United States , the federal agencies governing the manufacture , marketing and distribution of HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP INC products include , among others , the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) , the United States Food Drug Administration ( FDA ) , the United States Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) , the United States Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration ( OSHA ) .
With the exception of Ms. Liu and Mr. Teel , all of the named executive officers are paid based on Gulf Power net income and operational performance .
Discontinued Operations Effective April 3 , 2014 , Diversicare Healthcare Services , Inc. entered into an asset purchase agreement with Rose Terrace Acq , LLC to sell its skilled center facility in Culloden , West Virginia .
On March 3 , 2015 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with LG Capital Funding , LLC , pursuant to which LG Capital provided Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company with an aggregate investment of $ 29,000 in consideration of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc.
Mr. Garrett is also a director of Pure Storage , Inc. and Model N , Inc.
The primary distribution facilities that OXFORD INDUSTRIES INC operate are : a distribution center in Auburn , Washington for substantially all of OXFORD INDUSTRIES INC Tommy Bahama products ; a distribution center in King of Prussia , Pennsylvania for substantially all of OXFORD INDUSTRIES INC Lilly Pulitzer products ; distribution centers in Toccoa , Georgia and Lyons , Georgia for substantially all of OXFORD INDUSTRIES INC Lanier Apparel products ; and a distribution center in Lyons , Georgia for substantially all of OXFORD INDUSTRIES INC Southern Tide products .
It was a multicenter study of sixteen patients with enrollment at several U.S. medical centers including the Scripps Clinic .
IPASS INC 2014 results of operations and all prior comparative periods are recast to reflect the Unity business as a discontinued operation , and IPASS INC MD A focuses primarily on IPASS INC continuing operations .
There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from WL Ross Holding Corp. IPO as described in WL Ross Holding Corp. final Form 10 - K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31 , 2015 .
Although ZAFGEN , INC . do not have any reason to believe that ZAFGEN , INC . will lose the services of Dr. Hughes in the foreseeable future , the loss of his services might impede the achievement of ZAFGEN , INC . research , development and commercialization objectives .
Blackboxstocks Inc. was incorporated on October 4 , 2011 under the laws of the State of Nevada under the name SMSA Ballinger Acquisition Corp. to effect the reincorporation of Senior Management Services of Heritage Oaks at Ballinger , Inc , a Texas corporation , mandated by a Plan of Reorganization confirmed by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of Texas for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code .
On April 17 , 2017 , Dr. Goldenberg , IMMUNOMEDICS INC s Chief Scientific Officer and Chief Patent Officer and director , notified the District Court that he may maintain the claims initially brought by the Company .
As of March 31 , 2017 , December 31 , 2016 and March 31 , 2016 , Triton International Ltd long - term and finance leases combined had average remaining contract terms of approximately 39 months , respectively , assuming no leases are renewed .
InspireMD , Inc. audit committee is currently comprised of Messrs. Loughlin and Stuka and Dr. Barer , each of whom InspireMD , Inc. board has determined to be financially literate and qualify as an independent director under Section 803(B)(2 ) of the NYSE MKT rules .
GBA is indirectly owned by Griffin Capital and Randy Anderson , Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. Executive Vice President , who directly owns a 5 % interest in GBA .
Significant contributors to this increase were an increase in commissions to CRA INTERNATIONAL , INC . nonemployee experts of $ 0.6 million for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016 , as a higher percentage of CRA INTERNATIONAL , INC . revenue for the second quarter of fiscal 2017 was sourced by CRA INTERNATIONAL , INC . nonemployee experts , as well as a $ 0.9 million increase in other professional fees , $ 0.5 million in intangible impairment charges incurred in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 compared to none in the second quarter of fiscal 2016 , a $ 0.6 million increase in rent expense and a $ 0.4 million increase in bad debt reserves and write - offs for loans to employees in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 as compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2016 .
Overview Six months ended June 30 , 2017 versus six months ended June 30 , 2016 OneBeacon Insurance Group , Ltd. ended the first six months of 2017 with a book value per share of $ 10.71 , reflecting a 2.9 % increase , including quarterly dividends totaling $ 0.42 per share , for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 .
In order to have Ginnie Mae acknowledge Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp interest in Excess MSRs related to FHA and VA mortgage loans that were pooled into securities guaranteed by Ginnie Mae , Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp entered into an acknowledgment agreement with Ginnie Mae and Freedom Mortgage .
As a result of the termination of the Management Services Agreement ( MSA ) , which occurred on February 24 , 2015 , 1347 Property Insurance Holdings , Inc. has issued the following securities to 1347 Advisors , LLC ( Advisors ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of KFSI .
GCP Applied Technologies Inc. products are designed for use in some of the world 's most demanding environments including the Getty Center in Los Angeles , the London Underground , Hong Kong s Bank of China Tower , the Guggenheim Museum Bilbao in Spain and many other landmarks .
Mr. Chariton previously served as a member of the Board of Directors of New Island Hospital in Bethpage , New York from 2009 to 2013 and subsequently served as a member of the Board of Directors of St Joseph Hospital from February 2007 to December 2010 .
PRESENTACION A. CORANES Presentacion A. Coranes Chief Accounting Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Secretary / Treasurer and Director 28 .
ADAMANT DRI PROCESSING & MINERALS GROUP s operations in the PRC are subject to specific considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe .
Mr. T. Swift is joined in leadership of the Board by SWIFT ENERGY CO
( a ) WASTE MANAGEMENT INC sold WASTE MANAGEMENT INC Puerto Rico operations in 2014 .
Through Biotech Products Services & Research , Inc. subsidiary , Mint Organics , Inc , Biotech Products Services & Research , Inc. intend to explore , develop and to provide products and services in connection with the MMTC activities .
Other Income ( Expense ) , Net Other income ( expense ) , net increased $ 19 million , or 26.0 % , in 2015 as compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase of $ 9 million in wholesale operating fee revenues , an increase of $ 9 million in customer contributions in aid of construction at Georgia Power , and an increase due to Mississippi Power 's $ 7 million settlement with the Sierra Club in 2014 , partially offset by a decrease in sales of non - utility property at Alabama Power .
As a result of the Spin - off , CITRIX SYSTEMS INC distributed approximately 26.9 million shares of GetGo common stock to CITRIX SYSTEMS INC stockholders of record as of the close of business on January 20 , 2017 .
An increase in outsourced labor and professional fees of $ 15.8 million or 4.4 % , primarily due to the net effect of ( i ) higher call center costs in the Netherlands and U.K./Ireland and ( ii ) lower consulting costs , as a decrease in the European Division s central operations was only partially offset by increases in Belgium and the Netherlands .
Portfolio and Investment Activity for the Three Months ended March 31 , 2017 and March 31 , 2016 Within the three month period ended March 31 , 2017 , Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T investment activity was primarily concentrated in sourcing debt investments through direct origination ( 64.2 % ) and primary issuance channels ( 21.1 % ) and the remainder was through secondary market channels ( i.e , syndicated investments ) .
Organization Sichuan Leaders Petrochemical Company ( we , us , SICHUAN LEADERS PETROCHEMICAL Co or the Company ) , formally known as Quality Wallbeds , Inc , was incorporated under the laws of the State of Florida on June 29 , 2000 .
Michael S. Bishop Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer ( Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer ) .
( 1 ) Mr. Richardson has been SANUWAVE Health , Inc. 's Chairman of the Board since SANUWAVE Health , Inc. 's inception .
During the first quarter of 2017 , OHA Investment Corp placed OHA Investment Corp investment in Castex on non - accrual status based on OHA Investment Corp March 31 , 2017 valuation , which reflects a determination that future payments received from this investment will no longer be sufficient to cover all of the contractual principal and dividend amounts on this investment .
Jeffrey C. Newman Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and Treasurer ( Chief Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
Retail Regulatory Matters General ALABAMA POWER CO 's rates and charges for service to retail customers are subject to the regulatory oversight of the Mississippi PSC .
Jerry D. Chase President and Chief Executive Officer .
The foreign currency transaction gains were primarily the result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar on significant U.S. dollar denominated intercompany receivables and cash held by certain of MOSAIC CO Canadian subsidiaries , partially offset by the effect of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Brazilian Real on significant U.S. dollar denominated payables held by MOSAIC CO Brazilian subsidiaries .
SIMPSON MANUFACTURING CO INC /CA/ estimates that a hypothetical 100 basis point change in U.S. interest rates would not be material to SIMPSON MANUFACTURING CO INC /CA/ s operations taken as a whole .
Mr. Clemmons has served on TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC board since TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC s formation and is a native of Myrtle Beach .
CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . believe that the assignment of the ROFR and the pre - approval to acquire and develop additional restaurants provide us with the opportunity to significantly expand CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . ownership of Burger King restaurants in the future .
Loan Agreement with Vista Capital Investments , LLC On February 28 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with Vista Capital Investments , LLC , pursuant to which Vista Capital provided Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company with an aggregate investment of $ 100,000 in consideration of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issuance of convertible promissory notes and common share purchase warrants .
David P. DeMuth , Member of the Executive Committee of Equinox Frontier Funds .
On December 10 , 2014 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into a License Agreement with World Surveillance Group , Inc , and its wholly owned subsidiary , Global Telestat Corp , by which Orbital Tracking Corp. had an irrevocable non - exclusive license to use certain equipment , consisting of Appliques for a term of ten years .
On July 20 , 2017 , INVENTURE FOODS , INC . also entered into the ABL Third Amendment , pursuant to which the Wells Fargo Lenders granted INVENTURE FOODS , INC .
Additionally , Mr. Berg served as chief operating officer of GNC .
Mr. Rollins has served as Chairman of the Board of RPC since the spin - off of RPC from Rollins , Inc. in 1984 .
Hussein Litigation On October 7 , 2013 , a complaint was filed against QUALITY SYSTEMS , INC Company and certain of QUALITY SYSTEMS , INC officers and directors in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Orange , captioned Ahmed D. Hussein v. Sheldon Razin , Steven Plochocki , Quality Systems , Inc. and Does 1 - 10 , inclusive , No . 30 - 2013 - 00679600 - CU - NP - CJC , by Ahmed Hussein , a former director and significant shareholder of QUALITY SYSTEMS , INC Company .
W. Ron Hinson Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer , and Corporate Secretary ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
Mr. Osborne has also been ( 1 ) an Executive Vice President , Chief Investment Officer and a director of Altegris ( July 2002 to May 2010 ) ; ( 2 ) a manager and Executive Vice President of Clearing Solutions ( December 2008 to present ) ; ( 3 ) a manager and Executive Vice President of Services ( February 2010 to present ) ; and ( 4 ) Executive Vice President of Altegris Holdings ( October 2012 to present ) .
On March 28 , 2017 , President Trump issued an Executive Order on Energy Independence .
ALAMO GROUP INC operate in multiple tax jurisdictions , both inside and outside the United States and are currently under audit by certain state and foreign tax authorities .
EnteroMedics Inc is headquartered in St. Paul , Minnesota .
By : /s / Moses H. Feagin Moses H. Feagin Vice President , Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer . x31a1-q12017.htm .
Corey Rucci assumed his current position of Vice President , Business Development in February 2014 .
Venator Materials PLC intend to use cash held in Venator Materials PLC non - U.S. subsidiaries to fund Venator Materials PLC local operations .
Under the terms of this collaboration agreement , IRONWOOD PHARMACEUTICALS INC shares equally with Allergan all development costs as well as net profits or losses from the development and sale of linaclotide in the U.S. IRONWOOD PHARMACEUTICALS INC receives royalties in the mid teens percent based on net sales in Canada and Mexico .
Aircraft and Other Services In the normal course of business , Blackstone personnel make use of aircraft owned as personal assets by Stephen A. Schwarzman ; an aircraft owned jointly as a personal asset by Hamilton E. James , Blackstone s President and Chief Operating Officer , and a Director of Blackstone , and Jonathan D. Gray , Blackstone s Global Head of Real Estate and a Director of Blackstone ; and an aircraft owned jointly as a personal asset by Bennett J. Goodman , Co - Founder of GSO Capital and a Director of Blackstone , and another senior managing director ( each such aircraft , Personal Aircraft ) .
Although American Assets Trust , L.P. board of directors has no such intention at the present time , it could establish a class or series of preferred stock that could , depending on the terms of such series , delay , defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for American Assets Trust , L.P. common stock or that American Assets Trust , L.P. stockholders otherwise believe to be in their best interest .
Jeffrey W. Eckel , 57 , is one of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. directors and was with the Predecessor as president and chief executive officer since 2000 and prior to that from 1985 to 1989 as a senior vice president .
Mr. Mason has served on the board of Lincoln Electric Holdings since 2013 .
The ability of Sohu.com Limited , Sogou Inc , and Changyou.com Limited to receive dividends and distributions from SOHU COM INC China - based subsidiaries and VIEs , and the amount of cash available for distribution to , and use by , Sohu.com Inc , are subject to certain restrictions and limitations related to PRC law , SOHU COM INC subsidiary and VIE structure and U.S. corporate income tax .
HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10 - K have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
HLBE owns a controlling 73 % interest in Agrinatural Gas , LLC ( " Agrinatural " ) , through its wholly owned subsidiary , HLBE Pipeline Company , LLC .
Pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement , Hewlett Packard Enterprise has agreed to indemnify HP in part , based on the extent to which any liability arises from the products and spare parts of Hewlett Packard Enterprise s businesses .
TraceCop revenues were $ 1.5 million for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 , compared to $ 1.6 million for the same quarter in 2016 .
On October 21 , 2015 , PARK OHIO HOLDINGS CORP , through its Southwest Steel Processing LLC subsidiary , entered into a financing agreement with the Arkansas Development Finance Authority .
Email : Pankaj.Sinha@skadden.com ( b ) if , prior to the Effective Time , to AES CORP , FTP Power LLC 2180 South 1300 East Suite 600 Salt Lake City , UT 84106 Attention : General Counsel Email : smcbride@spower.com with a copy ( not constituting notice ) to : Lowenstein Sandler LLP 1251 Avenue of the Americas New York , NY 10020 Attention : Steven E. Siesser , Esq .
As of September 30 , 2017 , AMC ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS , INC . owned 23,392,630 common membership units , or a 15.2 % interest , in NCM LLC and no common shares of NCM , Inc.
In November 2012 , HNS entered into a satellite service agreement pursuant to which HNS received satellite services from DISH Network on the D-1 satellite for research and development .
As part of the Credit Facility closing , Granite Falls Energy , LLC entered into an Administrative Agency Agreement with CoBank , ACP ( CoBank ) .
In the event AEON achieves at least $ 65,900,000 in EBITDA , in the aggregate , for the three calendar years ending December 31 , 2016 , 2017 and 2018 , then , on October 1 , 2019 , subject to the completion of the audited financial statements of AEON for the calendar year ending December 31 , 2018 , AUTHENTIDATE HOLDING CORP will issue to the former AEON members such number of additional shares of AHC common stock as is equal to 36.1 % of the issued and outstanding shares of AHC common stock ( rounded to the nearest whole share ) as of the close of business on the business day immediately prior to the closing date of the AEON Acquisition , provided , however , AUTHENTIDATE HOLDING CORP will issue to the former AEON members such number of additional shares of AHC common stock so that the total number of shares of AHC common stock issuable to the former AEON members shall equal 85 % of the issued and outstanding AHC common stock on a post - issuance basis ( rounded to the nearest whole share ) on a Fully Diluted Basis ( as defined below ) .
We market EMAGIN CORP products in North America , Asia , and Europe directly from EMAGIN CORP sales office located in EMAGIN CORP Hopewell Junction , NY facilities .
The EchoStar Tracking Stock is a series of EchoStar preferred stock consisting of 13,000,000 authorized shares with a par value of $ 0.001 per share , of which 6,290,499 shares were issued to DISH Network on March 1 , 2014 .
Priority Review sets the target date for FDA action on the application at six months from the FDA s filing of the BLA , rather than the standard 10 months .
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated investments of $ 24.0 million for the three months ended June 30 , 2016 reflects Tallgrass Energy GP , LP portion of earnings and the amortization of a negative basis difference of $ 2.1 million associated with Tallgrass Energy GP , LP acquisition of a 25 % membership interest in Rockies Express effective May 6 , 2016 , as well as $ 0.7 million related to Tallgrass Energy GP , LP 20 % membership interest in Deeprock Development during the three months ended June 30 , 2016 .
If Global Medical REIT Inc. does not terminate the contract by August 14 , 2017 , Global Medical REIT Inc. s earnest money deposit in the amount of $ 300,000 becomes non - refundable , and Global Medical REIT Inc. must deposit an additional earnest money deposit in the amount of $ 300,000 , for a total of $ 600,000 in earnest money funds , which will then be non - refundable except in the event of an Austin Seller default or failure of a condition to closing .
Beginning in the third quarter of 2016 , ICAHN ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS L.P. Investment segment applied the fair value option to this investment because at such time this investment would have otherwise been subject to the equity method of accounting after considering additional ownership in Herbalife by an affiliate of Mr. Icahn as well as the collective representation on the board of directors of Herbalife .
For foreign currency exchange forward contracts and options outstanding at September 30 , 2017 , ZIMMER BIOMET HOLDINGS , INC . had obligations to purchase U.S. Dollars and sell Euros , Japanese Yen , British Pounds , Canadian Dollars , Australian Dollars , Korean Won , Swedish Krona , Czech Koruna , Thai Baht , Taiwan Dollars , South African Rand , Russian Rubles , Indian Rupees , Turkish Lira , Polish Zloty , Danish Krone , and Norwegian Krone and obligations to purchase Swiss Francs and sell U.S. Dollars .
Provision for Income Taxes For the three months ended September 30 , 2017 , Ingersoll - Rand plc effective tax rate was 17.2 % which is lower than the U.S. Statutory rate of 35 % primarily driven by the provision to return true - up due to the filing of the U.S. Federal income tax return , a reduction of a previously accrued tax liability due to obtaining approval from a local non - U.S. tax authority and earnings in non - U.S. jurisdictions , which in aggregate , have a lower effective tax rate .
Michael Rapp , COMMITTED CAPITAL ACQUISITION Corp II co - founder , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman , and Philip Wagenheim , COMMITTED CAPITAL ACQUISITION Corp II co - founder , President , Secretary and director , both served as management of BCM prior to its dissolution in 2016 .
Mr. Thompson currently serves as Executive Vice President , Worldwide Field Operations .
In the United States , engaging in the impermissible promotion of Immune Design Corp. products for off - label uses can also subject us to false claims litigation under federal and state statutes , which can lead to administrative , civil and criminal penalties , damages , monetary fines , disgorgement , individual imprisonment , exclusion from participation in Medicare , Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs , curtailment or restructuring of Immune Design Corp. operations and agreements that materially restrict the manner in which a company promotes or distributes drug products .
Because the Platinum and Gateway transactions closed on April 1 , 2017 and May 1 , 2017 , respectively , there is no pro - forma information for the three month period ending September 30 , 2017 as both Platinum and Gateway actual results are included in the current reported figures .
At March 31 , 2017 , HESKA CORP had a $ 15.0 million asset - based revolving line of credit with Wells Fargo which has a maturity date of December 31 , 2017 as part of HESKA CORP credit and security agreement with Wells Fargo .
Mr. Welgos joined ACTIVECARE , INC . Board of Directors in June 2009 .
Kemper IGCC Settlement Docket On June 21 , 2017 , the Mississippi PSC stated its intent to issue an order ( which occurred on July 6 , 2017 ) directing Mississippi Power to pursue a settlement under which the Kemper County energy facility would be operated as a natural gas plant , rather than an IGCC plant , and address all issues associated with the Kemper IGCC .
Mykrolis was organized as a Delaware corporation on October 16 , 2000 under the name Millipore MicroElectronics , Inc. in connection with the spin - off by Millipore Corporation of its microelectronics business unit which was completed on February 27 , 2002 .
Section 16(a ) of the Exchange Act requires RIGHTSCORP , INC . executive officers and directors and person who own more than 10 % of RIGHTSCORP , INC . common stock to file reports regarding ownership of and any transactions in RIGHTSCORP , INC . securities with the Securities and Exchange Commission and to provide us with copies of those filings .
In November 2015 , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . entered into a series of agreements with Beijing Sun
Name Age Position With Sunoco LP General Partner Matthew S. Ramsey Chairman of the Board Robert W. Owens Director , President and Chief Executive Officer Cynthia A. Archer Executive Vice President , Chief Marketing Officer Arnold D. Dodderer General Counsel Karl R. Fails Executive Vice President , Supply Trading Boyd E. Foster Executive Vice President , Manufacturing Distribution S. Blake Heinemann Executive Vice President , Operations East Joseph Kim Executive Vice President , Chief Development Officer Thomas R. Miller Chief Financial Officer R. Bradley Williams Executive Vice President , Operations West James W. Bryant Director Christopher R. Curia Director and Executive Vice President , Human Resources Thomas E. Long Director W. Brett Smith Director K. Rick Turner Director .
Overview DuPont Fabros Technology , Inc , or DFT , was formed on March 2 , 2007 , is a real estate investment trust , or REIT , and is headquartered in Washington ,
Two of the mines CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . operate are located in Wyoming and one is located in Montana .
PNM also entered into a Coal Combustion Residual Disposal Agreement ( CCRDA ) , for the performance of all ash disposal activities for the San Juan Project over the term of the CSA and a Reclamation Services Agreement ( RSA ) , for the performance of all reclamation obligations of the mines that have supplied coal for the San Juan Project from the RSA s effective date until the full release of all reclamation and similar bonds associated with federal and state leases , agreements and permits .
However , President Trump and the majority party have expressed goals to amend Dodd - Frank .
The exchange of OCGH units in connection with the March 2014 Offering resulted in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of the Oaktree Operating Group .
Consolidated : For the current year , Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. net revenues were $ 1,189 million and income before income taxes was $ 458 million , compared to net revenues of $ 1,043 million and income before income taxes of $ 506 million in the prior year .
On March 31 , 2016 , concurrent with the pricing of UGI Utilities Senior Notes to be issued under the 2016 Note Purchase Agreement , UGI Utilities settled all of its then - existing IRPA contracts associated with such debt at a loss of $ 36.0 .
GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER CO /OH/ manufacture GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER CO /OH/ products in 48 manufacturing facilities located around the world including 14 plants in the United States .
The Parish of Cameron , Louisiana , filed a series of lawsuits against approximately 190 oil and gas companies alleging that the defendants , including Davis , have failed to clear , revegetate , detoxify , and restore the mineral and production sites and other areas affected by their operations and activities within certain coastal zone areas to their original condition as required by Louisiana law , and that such defendants are liable to Cameron Parish for damages under certain Louisiana coastal zone laws for such failures ; however , the amount of such damages has not been specified .
Marathon Patent Group , Inc. were incorporated in the State of Nevada on February 23 , 2010 under the name Verve Ventures , Inc.
TEP Acquisition of Tallgrass Terminals , LLC and Tallgrass NatGas Operator , LLC Effective January 1 , 2017 , TEP acquired 100 % of the issued and outstanding membership interests in Terminals and 100 % of the issued and outstanding membership interests in NatGas from TD for total cash consideration of $ 140 million .
Mr. Meyer was named Division Vice President and General Manager of the Applied Technology Division in May 2015 .
Mr. Parrett was elected to the board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner effective November 9 , 2007 .
FBR & Co. total revenues in 2015 were $ 120.4 million , FBR & Co. pre - tax loss was $ 15.8 million , and FBR & Co. net loss was $ 7.5 million .
Steel market conditions in Europe have continued to be challenging through the fourth quarter of 2015 , and , therefore , it is reasonably possible that material deviation of future performance from the estimates used in NUCOR CORP most recent valuation could result in further impairment of NUCOR CORP investment in Duferdofin Nucor .
During the first half of 2017 , SeaWorld Entertainment , Inc. have seen some success in certain elements of SeaWorld Entertainment , Inc. plan as attendance from SeaWorld Entertainment , Inc. 300 mile and in guests has increased in SeaWorld Entertainment , Inc.
On September 2 , 2006 , Celtic Capital , Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada .
In consideration and as severance , for Jon Pan s resignation as chief executive officer , VPR Brands , LP .
the WFOE will waive and release you unconditionally from any claims arising from , or related to , your role as YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . s shareholder , provided that your actions to fulfill your responsibilities as a nominee shareholder are taken in good faith and are not opposed to YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . s best interests .
Neuralstem , Inc. currently operate one facility located in the United States and one facility located in China .
Orbital Tracking Corp. wholly owned subsidiary , Orbital Satcom Corp , represented $ 793,715 of the increase , or 72.2 % .
From January 2004 to December 2015 , Mr. Hamilton served with Cisco Systems in various services leadership positions , including most recently as Vice President , Cloud Managed Services .
Niagara Natural s operations are located in the Niagara Region of Ontario .
Prior to joining Tech Data , Mr. Dutkowsky served as President , CEO , and Chairman of the Board of Egenera , Inc. ( a software and virtualization technology company ) , from 2004 until 2006 , and served as President , CEO , and Chairman of the Board of J.D. Edwards Co , Inc. ( a software company ) from 2002 until 2004 .
The gain ( loss ) on settled derivatives increased NORTHERN OIL & GAS , INC . average realized price per Boe by $ 12.31 in 2016 , increased NORTHERN OIL & GAS , INC . average realized price per Boe by $ 27.10 in 2015 and decreased NORTHERN OIL & GAS , INC . average realized price per Boe by $ 1.36 in 2014 .
As a result of REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's decision on December 30 , 2013 to exit its direct manufacturing , warehousing and sales business operations in mainland China , REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP has reported the results of its former China operations within ( loss ) income from discontinued operations , net of taxes in REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income ( Loss ) for all periods presented .
In addition , Mr. Hall is a sponsor of KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT , Inc. company , KBS REIT I , KBS REIT II , KBS REIT III , KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT , KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT II and KBS Growth Income REIT , which were formed in 2008 , 2005 , 2007 , 2009 , 2009 , 2013 and 2014 , respectively .
Except for the matters noted below , the disclosures set forth in Note 3 Regulatory Matters of the Exelon 2016 Form 10 - K reflect , in all material respects , the current status of regulatory and legislative proceedings of the Registrants .
There was no up - front commitment fee paid to LPC for entering into the new agreement , however Cytosorbents Corp is obligated to issue up to an additional 65,385 shares pro rata as LPC purchases up to $ 8,500,000 of its Common Stock as directed by the Company .
Included in the balance is $ 2.3 million which is being recovered over a period of three years as approved by the BPU in SJG s 2014 rate case settlement .
Delivery to Administrative Agent of the following : ( i ) the most recent quarterly unaudited financial statements of Borrower ( on a consolidated basis for Borrower and the Borrower Subsidiaries and including pro forma financial statements ) and each Member ( other than Atlantic Member and GE Member ) prepared in accordance with GAAP along with a certificate signed by an Authorized Officer of the applicable Person , certifying that such financial statements fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of such Idaho Wind Entity , in accordance with GAAP , consistently applied , as at the end of , and for , such period ( subject to normal year - end adjustments ) , ( ii ) a Financial Condition Certificate in respect of Atlantic Member and GE Member and ( iii ) the most recent annual audited financial statements of the Power Purchaser and EPC Contractor .
Additionally , Tullow agreed to pay HYPERDYNAMICS CORP participating interest share of future costs for the drilling of an appraisal of the initial exploration
IBERIABANK CORP s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to IBERIABANK CORP s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of IBERIABANK CORP s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles .
For the three month period ended December 31 , 2015 , Green Meadow Products , Inc. recognized a gross profit of $ 10,000 from the assistance in international sales from Mountain High Products due to the factors discussed above and the licensing rights for Green Meadow Products , Inc. stress relief formula and for the six month period ended December 31 , 2015 Green Meadow Products , Inc. recognized a gross profit of $ 16,360 due to the factors discussed above .
Each RSU constitutes a right to receive one share of Optex Systems Holdings Inc common stock , subject to vesting , which unless otherwise stated in an RSU agreement , shall vest in equal amounts on the first , second and third anniversary of the grant date .
On August 7 , 2006 , AdvanSource Biomaterials Corp appointed Michael F. Adams as AdvanSource Biomaterials Corp Chief Executive Officer and President .
On December 31 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. issued an aggregate of 81,880 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 8,188 shares of Series E Preferred Stock , by David Phipps , its Chief Executive Officer .
On March 6 , 2014 , the Company issued 650,000 options to its CEO , Darren Lampert , 400,000 options to its CFO , Irwin Lampert , 400,000 options to its President , Michael Salaman and 200,000 options to its COO , Jason Dawson , exercisable at prices between $ .60 and $ .66 cents per share .
Many of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . power systems involve long and variable design and sales cycles , which could have a negative impact on POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . results of operations for any given quarter or year .
These opportunities may be significant , such as Macquarie Infrastructure Corp recent acquisition of the remaining 50 % interest in IMTT , or they may be incremental and not individually significant , such as Macquarie Infrastructure Corp acquisitions of BEC and three FBOs in 2015 .
On March 3 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with Black Mountain Equities , Inc , pursuant to which Black Mountain provided Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company with an aggregate investment of $ 100,000 in consideration of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issuance of original issue discount convertible promissory notes and common share purchase warrants .
These regulations require us to determine the origin of certain materials used in SILVER SPRING NETWORKS INC products and disclose whether SILVER SPRING NETWORKS INC use any materials containing conflict minerals originating from the DRC and adjoining countries .
In consideration of the issuance of a total of 6,000,000 shares of ActiveCare common stock ( " Common Stock " ) to Tyumen Holdings , LLC upon execution of this Agreement , Peterson Affiliates agree to make the following concessions and agreements : .
A delay in the recognition of revenues from sales of acquired or alliance products , or reduced pricing due to bundled sales , may cause fluctuations in Guidewire Software , Inc. quarterly financial results , may adversely affect Guidewire Software , Inc. operating margins and may reduce the benefits of such acquisitions or alliances .
EchoStar also entered into certain commercial agreements with DISH Network .
Following arbitration , on December 29 , 2016 , Mentor obtained a judgment against Bhang in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California .
ADP Management Corporation , an entity controlled by Mr. Derrick , ACTIVECARE , INC . former Executive Chairman , filed one Form 3 .
There can be no assurance that this matter will be resolved in COPART INC favor or that COPART INC will not ultimately be required to make a substantial payment to the Georgia DOR .
DeGolyer s independent evaluation of DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC properties for reserves was supervised by Mr. Douglas S. Christie , Vice President of DeGolyer .
Dr. Paul has been employed by Vishay and a predecessor company since 1978 .
On the effective date of the Co - Venture Agreement , Modern Round Entertainment Corp issued to VirTra , 1,676,748 shares of Modern Round Entertainment Corp common stock ( as adjusted for the Merger conversion ratio ) , representing a 5 % ownership in Modern Round Entertainment Corp company on the effective date .
On October 25 , 2013 , Seidenschnur Verwaltungs AG purchased 2,500,000 shares of restricted stock of Gilax Corp , representing 77 % of the shares in Imperial Plantation Corp from Aleksandr Gilev , its Director , for $ 150,000 in cash .
If the Section 7874 Percentage were determined to be at least 60 % ( but less than 80 % ) , Section 7874 of the Code would cause Broadcom to be treated as a surrogate foreign corporation if Broadcom Cayman L.P. did not have substantial business activities in Singapore relative to Broadcom Cayman L.P. worldwide business activities .
For example , LINN Energy may be required to pay Texas franchise tax on its total revenue apportioned to Texas at a maximum effective rate of approximately 0.5 % .
ADOBE SYSTEMS INC incur additional legal compliance costs associated with ADOBE SYSTEMS INC global operations and could become subject to legal penalties if ADOBE SYSTEMS INC fail to comply with local laws and regulations in U.S. jurisdictions or in foreign countries , which laws and regulations may be substantially different from those in the United States .
Summit Materials , LLC operate in 21 U.S. states and British Columbia , Canada and currently have assets in 20 U.S. states and in British Columbia , Canada .
Officer understands and agrees that Micron is headquartered in Idaho and its executive management team is located in Idaho .
Exhibit 99.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed October 11 , 2013 .
In the event that AYTU BIOSCIENCE , INC do not make all of the required earn - out payments to the Nuelle stockholders before May 3 , 2022 , and AYTU BIOSCIENCE , INC also close a divestiture before May 3 , 2022 of any of the products acquired in the Merger , AYTU BIOSCIENCE , INC will pay the Nuelle stockholders a combination of ( i ) cash in an amount equal to 10 % of the value of all cash , securities and other property paid to us in the divestiture ( cash is to be 60 % of the total consideration ) , and ( ii ) shares of AYTU BIOSCIENCE , INC common stock equal to the Nuelle stockholders portion of the divestiture payment divided by the average closing price of AYTU BIOSCIENCE , INC common stock for the 10 trading days prior to the earlier of the closing date of the divestiture or the public disclosure of the divestiture ( shares of common stock are to be 40 % of the total consideration ) .
As a result of ICAHN ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS L.P. ownership of more than 80 % in ICAHN ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS L.P. subsidiaries , ICAHN ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS L.P. and ICAHN ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS L.P. subsidiaries are subject to the pension liabilities of all entities in which Mr. Icahn has a direct or indirect ownership interest of at least 80 % .
Loke Che Chan , Gilbert , Greenpro Capital Corp. Chief Financial Officer , Secretary , Treasurer and director and Lee Chong Kuang , Greenpro Capital Corp. Chief Executive Officer , President and director are the shareholders of GSN .
Execution and clearing expenses , in 2014 , decreased $ 31 million , or 13 % , to $ 212 million , compared to 2013 , driven by lower overall trading volumes in options and an increase in Interactive Brokers Group , Inc.
FTI CONSULTING INC operate in 28 countries in addition to the U.S.
WASTE MANAGEMENT INC 2013 results were affected by the following : .
Essent Guaranty is headquartered in Radnor , Pennsylvania and maintains operations centers in Winston - Salem , North Carolina and Irvine , California .
Our success depends to a significant extent upon the continued service of Mr. Mark Bradley , PLAYERS NETWORK Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Michael Berk , PLAYERS NETWORK President of Programming .
KNOWN ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS , that the undersigned hereby constitutes and appoints each of Mitra Hormozi , Michael T. Sheehan and Yossi Almani , or any one of them , each acting alone , his true and lawful attorney in fact and agent , with full power of substitution , for him and in his name , place and stead , in any and all capacities , in connection with the REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORPORATION ( the Corporation ) Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 ( the Form 10 K ) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , including , without limiting the generality of the foregoing , to sign the Form 10 K in the name and on behalf of the Corporation or on behalf of the undersigned as a director of the Corporation , and any amendments to the Form 10 K and any instrument , contract , document or other writing of or in connection with the Form 10 K or amendments thereto , and to file the same , with all exhibits thereto , and other documents in connection therewith , including this power of attorney , with the Securities and Exchange Commission and any applicable securities exchange or securities self - regulatory body , granting unto said attorneys in fact and agents , each acting alone , full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises , as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person , hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys in fact and agents , each acting alone , or their respective substitute or substitutes , may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof .
In addition to regulations in the United States , Sierra Oncology , Inc. will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of Sierra Oncology , Inc. products to the extent Sierra Oncology , Inc. choose to develop or sell any products outside of the United States .
CII was organized on November 6 , 2006 , and subsequently capitalized on May 7 , 2007 , with capital contributions from various institutional and founder investors .
Carlos R. Hamilton III , M.D , Manager . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ .
Upon the termination of the term of the Co - Development Agreement , which has a minimum term of five ( 5 ) years , then the royalty payable to Dr. Andrews shall be reduced to one ( 1 % ) percent of DenerveX net sales after such termination of products covered by any U.S. patent on which Dr. Andrews is listed as a co - inventor ; if any such patents are obtained .
NINA JOHNSON Name : Nina Johnson Title : Director .
Mr. Grauer is also President of the Inner City Scholarship Fund Board of Trustees , Chairman of the Rockefeller Finance Operations Committee , Chair of the College Advising Corps , and a board member of Room to Read and the Prostate Cancer Foundation .
These consolidated financial statements include the accounts of JEWETT CAMERON TRADING CO LTD and its wholly owned subsidiaries , JC USA , JCC , MSI , JCSC , and Greenwood , all of which are incorporated under the laws of Oregon , U.S.A. All inter - company balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation .
Videogames revenues decreased for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 primarily due to lower carryover revenues of $ 49 million from prior period releases and lower revenues of $ 11 million from releases during the first half of 2017 compared to the first half of 2016 .
Mr. Rondeau joined Planet Fitness in 1993 , one year after Planet Fitness , Inc. original founders , Michael and Marc Grondahl , started Planet Fitness , Inc. in 1992 .
The information included in this Form 10 - Q should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto included in GLOBALSCAPE INC Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2016 , which GLOBALSCAPE INC refer to as the 2016 Form 10 - K , as well as Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations also included in GLOBALSCAPE INC 2016 Form 10 - K and in this report .
As of December 31 , 2016 and 2015 advances of $ 13,975 and $ 10,232 , respectively , were due to Nadav Elituv , TWO HANDS Corp 's Chief Executive Officer and at December 31 , 2016 and 2015 , advances of $ 824 and $ 1,549 , respectively were due to 2130555 Ontario Limited , a company controlled by Nadav Elituv .
Company s May 2012 purchase of the assets of Helix Wind from St. George for treasury stock then valued in excess of $ 1.8 Million and a subsequent February 2013 promissory note for $ 275,000 executed under the terms of an amendment to the May , 2012 asset purchase agreement .
On April 15 , 2013 , POWIN ENERGY CORP issued a Warrant to Purchase Common Stock to Global Storage Group , LLC for 70,000 shares of POWIN ENERGY CORP s common stock at an exercise price of $ 25.00 ; and a Warrant to Purchase Common Stock to Virgil L. Beast on for 30,000 shares of POWIN ENERGY CORP s common Stock at an exercise price of $ 25.00 .
In addition to the provision of services , the intercompany agreements transfer the majority of the business risk to VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC U.S. and Swiss subsidiaries .
ALAMO GROUP INC earnings are affected by fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar as compared to foreign currencies , predominantly in European countries , Canada and Australia , as a result of the sale of ALAMO GROUP INC products in international markets .
During 2015 , IMH Financial Corp syndicated $ 1.7 million of its equity investment in Lakeside JV to several investors by selling equity interest in LDV Holdings , of which $ 1.4 million was sold to various related parties , including $ 1.1 million to one of IMH Financial Corp s directors and preferred shareholders , $ 0.2 million to two members of IMH Financial Corp s board of directors , and $ 0.1 million to a partner of one of IMH Financial Corp s outside law firms .
Because of his experience in franchising and as an entrepreneur , Planet Fitness , Inc. believe Dr. Spinelli is well qualified to serve on Planet Fitness , Inc. board of directors .
Costo Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on May 6 , 2014 and established a fiscal year end of November 30 .
If the actual residential customer or nonresidential customer rate exceeds the limitations for two consecutive years , ComEd can offer to credit customers for amounts billed in excess of the limitations or ComEd can terminate FEJA investments .
On October 28 , 2016 , MMEX Resources Corp entered into a Settlement Agreement and Stipulation ( the Settlement Agreement ) with Rockwell Capital Partners , Inc. ( RCP ) .
Ginger M. Jones Ginger M. Jones , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer . ctb-09302017xex32.htm . Exhibit .
In November 2016 , GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORP invested $ 5.2 million in Sea Link International IRB , Inc. through secured second lien debt and equity .
Opko Health , Inc. diagnostic products for some time and Opko Health , Inc. have generated only limited revenue from Opko Health , Inc. pharmaceutical operations in Chile , Mexico , Israel , Spain , and Ireland , and from sale of the 4Kscore test .
In 1996 , he formed Cliffwood Oil Gas Corp. and in 1997 , Cliffwood shareholders acquired a controlling interest in Texoil , Inc , where Mr. Lodzinski served as a director , Chief Executive Officer and President .
Beginning in February 2009 , certain private plaintiffs , including distributors and retailers , filed a lawsuit against Endo International plc subsidiary , Par Pharmaceutical Companies , Inc. ( Par ) , in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California , which was subsequently transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Georgia , and which alleged violations of antitrust law arising out of Par s settlement of certain patent litigation concerning the generic version of AndroGel .
Effective December 1 , 2014 , RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . terminated its participation in the Captive .
following the time that the Tricor Funds and their affiliates cease to beneficially own a majority of CPI Card Group Inc. common stock , removal of directors only for cause , and only upon the affirmative vote of 75 % of CPI Card Group Inc. outstanding voting stock at a meeting of CPI Card Group Inc. stockholders called for that purpose ; .
Mr. Johnson joined us from LVC Consulting , a consulting company , where he was a partner from April 2007 to January 2008 .
On August 3 , 2015 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with JDF Capital Inc.
Mr. Phipps remains the sole director of GTCL following the closing of the Share Exchange .
In the three months ended September 30 , 2017 , VIRTUSA CORP revenue increased by 18.1 % to $ 248.2 million , compared to $ 210.1 million in the three months ended September 30 , 2016 .
The terms of the Merger Agreement also require a commitment by MedoveX to supply a minimum of $ 750,000 in working capital to the Streamline subsidiary , to fund the operations and product development of Medovex Corp. as needed .
There can be no assurance that a third party will not take further action , such as filing a patent infringement lawsuit , including a request for injunctive relief to bar the manufacture and sale of SHUTTERFLY INC products and services in the United States or elsewhere .
Dr. Duker is co - founder of three companies , including Hemera Biosciences , Inc , a privately held company seeking to develop anti - compliment gene - based therapies for the treatment of dry and wet age - related macular degeneration .
IA League City Victory Lakes LP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Lexington Bellerive , L.L.C. Delaware IA Lithonia Stonecrest , L.L.C. Delaware IA Lodging Associates , Inc. Delaware IA Lodging Corporation Delaware IA Lodging Operations TRS , Inc. Delaware IA Lodging West Homestead Waterfront DST Delaware IA Lodging West Homestead Waterfront TRS DST Delaware IA Louisville Westport SPE , L.L.C. Delaware IA Louisville Westport , L.L.C. Delaware IA Lynchburg Wards , L.L.C. Delaware IA MAC Corporation Delaware IA Marion Legacy , L.L.C. Delaware IA Matthews Sycamore , L.L.C. Delaware IA Mckinney Towne Crossing GP , L.L.C. Delaware IA McKinney Towne Crossing Limited Partnership Illinois IA Mckinney Towne Crossing LP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Mesquite Pioneer GP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Mesquite Pioneer II GP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Mesquite Pioneer II Limited Partnership Illinois IA Mesquite Pioneer II LP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Mesquite Pioneer Limited Partnership Illinois IA Mesquite Pioneer LP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Middleburg Crossings , L.L.C. Delaware IA Midwest City Legacy Corner , L.L.C. Delaware IA Missouri City Riverstone GP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Missouri City Riverstone Limited Partnership Illinois IA Missouri City Riverstone LP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Monroe Poplin , L.L.C. Delaware IA Morse Member , L.L.C. Delaware IA Nashville Donelson , L.L.C. Delaware IA Newnan Coweta , L.L.C. Delaware IA Newnan Thomas , L.L.C. Delaware IA Northbrook Lender , L.L.C. Delaware IA Ocoee Plantation Grove , L.L.C. Delaware IA Oklahoma City Legacy Crossing , L.L.C. Delaware IA Oklahoma City Penn , L.L.C. Delaware IA Oklahoma City Rockwell , L.L.C. Delaware IA Omaha L Street , L.L.C. Delaware IA Orchard Hotels , Inc. Delaware IA Orchard TRS Holding , Inc. Delaware IA Orlando Suncrest Village , L.L.C. Delaware IA Plano 14th Street Market GP , LLC Delaware IA Plano 14th Street Market Limited Partnership Illinois IA Plano 14th Street Market LP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Plano Hunters Glen GP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Plano Hunters Glen Limited Partnership Illinois IA Plano Hunters Glen LP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Plano Suncreek GP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Plano Suncreek Limited Partnership Illinois IA Plano Suncreek LP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Port Charlotte Peachland , L.L.C. Delaware IA Raleigh Bent Tree , L.L.C. Delaware IA Richardson Custer Creek GP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Richardson Custer Creek Limited Partnership Illinois IA Richardson Custer Creek LP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Round Rock University Oaks GP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Round Rock University Oaks Limited Partnership Illinois IA Round Rock University Oaks LP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Sacramento Development VP , L.L.C. Delaware IA Sacramento Holdings , L.L.C. Delaware IA Sacramento Rail , L.L.C. Delaware .
Previously , Cytosorbents Corp s common stock traded in the over - the - counter - market on the OTC Bulletin Board .
For the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , Presbia PLC net loss was $ 9.1 million as compared to $ 7.6 million or $ 1.5 million higher for the comparable period in 2016 .
Pursuant to the tax receivable agreement entered into among Och - Ziff Capital Management Group LLC , the executive managing directors and the Ziffs , Och - Ziff Capital Management Group LLC has agreed to pay to the executive managing directors and the Ziffs 85 % of the amount of tax savings , if any , actually realized by Och - Ziff Capital Management Group LLC .
HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA have recently operated in the Middle East , the Mediterranean Sea , the Black Sea and Latin America , including Nicaragua , Guyana , Trinidad and recently Argentina .
Wilmington Trust , National Association ( the Trustee ) serves as ICON ECI Fund Sixteen sole trustee pursuant to ICON ECI Fund Sixteen Third Amended and Restated Trust Agreement ( the Trust Agreement ) .
Future environmental regulatory developments in the United States and abroad concerning environmental issues , such as climate change , could adversely affect AAR CORP operations and increase operating costs and , through their impact on AAR CORP customers , reduce demand for AAR CORP products and services .
Beginning with calendar year 2010 , and continuing until January 1 , 2020 , RMC assigned its right to two - thirds of one percent ( 0.66 % ) of profits and losses to Michael R. Burwell ( Burwell ) , President of RMC and himself a general partner of RMI VIII , in exchange for Burwell assuming one hundred percent ( 100 % ) of the general partners equity deficit .
The SEC ( File No . 3 - 16214 ) alleged that during the period Mr. Dalton was an officer and director of Track Group ( then known as SecureAlert , Inc. ) , Mr. Dalton and David G. Derrick , also an officer and director of Track Group , failed to disclose personal guarantees related to the sale of equipment by Track Group , and that the non - disclosures resulted in material misstatements of $ 2 million in overstated revenue in Track Group 's financial statements for fiscal years 2007 and 2008 in that company 's Forms 10 - KSB , 10 - KSB / A , 10 - QSB , and 10 - QSB / A filed from September 2007 through January 2010 .
By virtue of the Investor s Rights Agreement and such representation on the board of directors , the Pamplona Entities have influence over corporate and management policies and matters submitted to Lumos Networks Corp. stockholders , including the election of the directors .
Prior to joining Mosaic , Mr. Isaacson worked for 15 years at Cargill , Inc , where he served as Senior Attorney for a number of its business units .
As used herein , the terms the " Company , " " we , " " our " and " us " refer to American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III , Inc , a Maryland corporation , including , as required by context , American Realty Capital Healthcare III Operating Partnership , L.P , a Delaware limited partnership , which American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III , Inc. refer to as the " OP , " and its subsidiaries .
On November 6 , 2003 , Michael Tokarz assumed his positions as Chairman , Portfolio Manager and Director of the Company .
LSB Funding LLC ( LSB Funding ) , LSB INDUSTRIES INC largest voting shareholder , an unrelated third party , owns one share of Series F redeemable Class C preferred stock ( the Series F Redeemable Preferred ) , which has voting rights with common stock equal to 19.4 % of the outstanding shares of LSB s common stock as of February 19 , 2016 .
Mr. Frecker has served as Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary of HERTZ CORP since July 2016 .
Mr. Andrews also served as a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee from 1990 to 2014 , a member of the House Budget Committee from 2007 to 2011 , a member of the House Foreign Affairs Committee from 1993 to 1998 , and a member of the House Small Business Committee from 1990 to 1992 .
As a result , at December 31 , 2015 , Mr. Perelman , indirectly through MacAndrews Forbes , beneficially owned approximately 78 % of the issued and outstanding shares of Revlon , Inc. 's Class A Common Stock , which represented approximately 78 % of the voting power of Revlon , Inc. s capital stock .
The directors and executive officers of AMERICAN ENERGY GROUP LTD at June 30 , 2013 , included the following persons , each of whom serves on the audit committee of the Company : Name Age Position R. Pierce Onthank 57 Director , President , CEO , CFO Secretary - Treas .
Patrick K. Kaltenbach , 54 , has served as Senior Vice President , Agilent and President , Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group since November 2014 .
You may face difficulties in protecting your interests , and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited because BeiGene , Ltd. are incorporated under Cayman Islands law , BeiGene , Ltd. currently conduct substantially all of BeiGene , Ltd. operations outside the United States and some of BeiGene , Ltd. directors and executive officers reside outside the United States .
CENTENE CORP were organized in Wisconsin in 1993 as a holding company for CENTENE CORP initial health plan and reincorporated in Delaware in 2001 .
In February 2016 , Ms. Fair was named SYNTHESIS ENERGY SYSTEMS INC President and Chief Executive Officer . ( 4 ) David Hiscocks was named Corporate Controller , Chief Accounting Officer and Corporate Secretary on May 9 , 2017 .
ENCANA CORP has used a ten percent variability to assess the potential impact from Canadian to U.S. foreign currency exchange rate changes .
Fund Performance Metrics Fund performance information for Carlyle Group L.P. investment funds that generally have at least $ 1.0 billion in capital commitments , cumulative equity invested or total value as of December 31 , 2015 , which Carlyle Group L.P. refer to as Carlyle Group L.P. significant funds , is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of Carlyle Group L.P. results of operations for the periods presented .
Incorporated by reference from ASTROTECH Corp s Form 8 - K filed on August 11 , 2015 .
Before joining Silver Spring Networks , Mr. Dillon served in various capacities at Sun Microsystems , a diversified computer networking company , prior to its acquisition by Oracle Corporation .
From the time of the merger with Mykrolis until April 2008 , Mr. Sauer served as Director of Treasury and Risk Management .
The following table sets forth the stock options held by DAKOTA TERRITORY RESOURCE CORP s Named Executive Officers as of March 31 , 2017 .
Dip - Tech is headquartered in Kfar Saba , Israel .
The principal components of net cash used for the year ended December 31 , 2016 were , in approximate numbers , ULURU Inc. net loss of $ 4,454,000 , a decrease of $ 324,000 in deferred revenues due to amortization of revenues , a decrease of $ 51,000 in accrued liabilities due to repayment of temporary compensation deferrals , an increase of $ 28,000 in inventory , and an increase of $ 12,000 in prepaid expenses related to insurance , listing fees , and consulting .
The following table provides additional information regarding SWIFT ENERGY CO oil and gas sales , excluding any effects of SWIFT ENERGY CO hedging activities , by quarter , for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 : .
Rather , LinnCo , LLC board of directors is appointed by the holder of LinnCo , LLC sole voting share , which is LINN Energy .
As discussed in the Form 10 - K , in July 2016 , Entergy New Orleans filed an application with the City Council seeking authorization to undertake a restructuring that would result in the transfer of substantially all of the assets and operations of Entergy New Orleans to a new entity , which would ultimately be owned by an existing Entergy subsidiary holding company .
( 11 ) Of these DRUs , 683,253 were unvested and were forfeited upon Mr. Cavanagh 's departure following his resignation as Co - President and Co - Chief Operating Officer in May 2015 .
La Quinta Holdings Inc. business operations in countries outside the United States are subject to a number of U.S. federal laws and regulations , including restrictions imposed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ( FCPA ) as well as trade sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control ( OFAC ) and the Commerce Department .
STEVEN J. MCGARRY Steven J. McGarry Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer ) October 18 , 2017 .
Other income ( expense ) for the 2014 year includes a gain of $ 24.9 million resulting from the sale of SKYWEST INC ownership in TRIP stock , offset by losses from the sale of assets during 2014 .
The Term Loan Due 2023 has a $ 100,000 accordion option that allows RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC , at its election , to increase the total unsecured term loan up to $ 300,000 , subject to customary fees and conditions , including the absence of an event of default as defined in the Term Loan Agreement .
The assets and liabilities of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC foreign operations are translated to U.S. dollars using the exchange rate at the balance sheet date .
The undersigned , Andrew Schlossberg , Principal Executive Officer of Invesco PowerShares Capital Management LLC , the Managing Owner of PowerShares DB Base Metals Fund ( the Fund ) , a series of PowerShares DB Multi - Sector Commodity Trust , hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
During 2015 , INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS , INC . evaluated the results of INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS , INC . former Axim subsidiary , which was included in INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS , INC . former cloud services segment , and determined that actual revenues were not meeting INTERCLOUD SYSTEMS , INC . forecasted revenues .
Except for the current year Peruvian earnings for which SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO have accrued U.S. income tax , SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO intend to continue to indefinitely reinvest SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO cumulative undistributed non - U.S. earnings through December 31 , 2015 .
Noncontrolling interests consisted of 17,888,822 common units ( the noncontrolling common units ) , and represented approximately 27.9 % of the ownership interests in American Assets Trust , L.P. Operating Partnership at March 31 , 2017 .
H.E. Wisdom Sons , Inc , headquartered in Elgin , Illinois , is a provider of industrial adhesives .
On June 30 , 2016 China Green Agriculture , Inc , through its wholly - owned subsidiary Jinong , entered into strategic acquisition agreements and a series of contractual agreements with the shareholders of the following six companies that are organized under the laws of the PRC and would be deemed VIEs : Shaanxi Lishijie Agrochemical Co , Ltd. ( Lishijie ) , Songyuan Jinyangguang Sannong Service Co , Ltd.
Cash used in operating activities of $ 143,700 for the fiscal year ended March 31 , 2017 which reflected Writ Media Group , Inc. net loss of $ 691,739 , adjusted for $ 74,105 of stock based compensation to employees , consultants and other services , $ 4,475 of amortization of debt discount , $ 560 of depreciation , a decrease in accounts payable of $ 58,339 , and an increase in accrued expenses of $ 410,560 .
Now coupled with Bright Mountain Media , Inc. recently acquired wholly owned subsidiary Daily Engage Media , Bright Mountain Media , Inc. have evolved to place Bright Mountain Media , Inc. emphasis on not only providing quality content on Bright Mountain Media , Inc. websites to drive traffic increases , but to increase the advertising revenue Bright Mountain Media , Inc. generate from companies and brands looking to reach Bright Mountain Media , Inc. audiences .
In October 2016 , PLEDGE PETROLEUM CORP terminated the joint venture due to its failure to meet certain milestones .
Consolidated gross profit increased from 2013 to 2014 primarily reflecting the consolidation of IMTT s results and improved results at Atlantic Aviation .
In October 2016 and 2015 , INDEPENDENT BANK CORP /MI/ Board of Directors increased the quarterly cash dividend on INDEPENDENT BANK CORP /MI/ common stock to ten cents and eight cents per share , respectively .
For this purpose , Good Reason includes a material reduction in Mr. Pearson s duties or authority , the removal of Mr. Pearson from his positions , AXA Equitable requiring Mr. Pearson to be based at an office more than 75 miles from New York City , a diminution of Mr. Pearson s titles , a material failure by AXA EQUITABLE LIFE INSURANCE CO to comply with the agreement s compensation provisions , a failure of AXA EQUITABLE LIFE INSURANCE CO to secure a written assumption of the agreement by any successor company and a change in control of AXA Financial ( provided that Mr. Pearson delivers notice of termination within 180 days after the change in control ) .
The two remaining claims are the claim of fraudulent inducement in connection with Mr. Vituli s departure as chief executive officer , chairman , and director of Carrols Restaurant Group and Carrols and as non - executive chairman and director of Fiesta and the claim of an additional bonus payment for 2011 .
Mr. Kaplan also provides executive oversight for Mosaic 's land development and phosphate mine permitting organization .
The foreign currency transaction gain in the seven months ended December 31 , 2013 was primarily the result of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar on significant U.S. dollar denominated intercompany receivables and cash held by certain of MOSAIC CO Canadian subsidiaries , partially offset by the effect of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Brazilian Real on significant U.S. dollar denominated payables held by MOSAIC CO Brazilian subsidiaries .
Gregory E. Poling served President and Chief Operating Officer of
The Other category includes CPI Card Group Inc. s corporate activities and less significant operating segments that derive their revenue from the production of Financial Payment Cards and retail gift cards in Canada ( CPI Canada ) and the U.K. ( CPI Petersfield ) .
( 12 ) Comprised of ( i ) 8,000 shares of Alliqua BioMedical , Inc. common stock owned directly by Mr. Wagner , ( ii ) 247,926 shares owned directly by 2003 Revocable Trust of Mark Wagner dated April 23 , 2003 ( the Wagner Trust ) and ( iii ) 56,250 shares of Alliqua BioMedical , Inc. common stock issuable to Mr. Wagner upon the exercise of stock options that are vested or will vest within 60 days .
As part of LAUREATE EDUCATION , INC . normal operations , LAUREATE EDUCATION , INC . insurers issue surety bonds on LAUREATE EDUCATION , INC . behalf , as required by various state education authorities in the United States .
Notis Global , Inc. re - evaluated the fair value of all the associated assets of VII at December 31 , 2015 and determined that there was no implied Goodwill .
Christopher J. Reinhard , Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
MOSAIC CO use sulfuric acid in the production of concentrated phosphates in MOSAIC CO Florida and Louisiana operations .
The increase of cash from operating activities was from decreases in inventory levels in ALAMO GROUP INC 's U.S. operations and higher earnings from the full year affect of the Specialized acquisition .
/s/ S. W. Connally , Jr. S. W. Connally , Jr. Chairman , President , and Chief Executive Officer /s/
Vice President , Treasurer and CFO ( principal accounting and financial officer ) Paul W. Nester .
Partially offsetting these gains was a $ 25 million loss on the divestiture of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC Puerto Rico operations .
Prior to joining Arthur Young Company , Mr. Levin served as a Financial Analyst for Ford Motor Company for approximately eight years .
CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . currently operate solely in the PRB .
On December 16 , 2014 , SUNRISE REAL ESTATE GROUP INC entered into a project finance loan agreement with Hua XiA Bank to finance the development of SUNRISE REAL ESTATE GROUP INC s Guxinglu Project in Shanghai .
The results of operations of Woodcraft including revenue of $ 223.4 million and net income of $ 4.1 million have been included in Quanex Building Products CORP consolidated operating results since the date of acquisition , November 2 , 2015 .
While a number of TERRAFORM GLOBAL , INC . executive officers , including TERRAFORM GLOBAL , INC . Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer , Peter Blackmore , TERRAFORM GLOBAL , INC . Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , Rebecca Cranna , TERRAFORM GLOBAL , INC . Chief Operating Officer , Tom Studebaker , and TERRAFORM GLOBAL , INC . Interim Chief Accounting Officer , David Rawden , continue to serve in the same functions for TerraForm Power , most other officers and employees are employed by and are providing services exclusively to TERRAFORM GLOBAL , INC .
During December 2015 , BIOTIME INC contributed or licensed rights to sell those research products in exchange for BIOTIME INC equity method investment in Ascendance .
Prior to rejoining Wharton in 2007 , Dr. Robertson was special assistant to Emory University s president on issues of international strategy and a founding director of the Institute for Developing Nations established jointly by Emory University and The Carter Center in fall 2006 .
The terms of the indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability , if any , can not be determined and has not been included in the table above or recorded in Blackstone Group L.P. Consolidated Financial Statements as of December 31 , 2015 .
( 8) Mr. Cavanagh served as Carlyle Group L.P. Co - President and Co - Chief Operating Officer until his resignation in May 2015 .
Sangui GmbH , which is headquartered in Witten , Germany , are engaged in the development of artificial oxygen carriers ( external applications of hemoglobin , blood substitutes and blood additives ) as well as in the development , marketing and sales of cosmetics and wound management products .
Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are calculated based on temporary differences between NorthStar Healthcare Income , Inc. s U.S. GAAP consolidated financial statements and the federal and state income tax basis of assets and liabilities as of the consolidated balance sheet date .
Government Policies Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. provide debt and equity financing to projects that typically depend in part on various U.S. federal , state or local governmental policies that support or enhance the project s economic feasibility .
From October 2006 to November 2007 Ms. Carlise served as Chief Financial Officer of Shearson Financial Network , Inc , a direct to consumer mortgage banking company .
Aart J. de Geus Co - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman ( Co - Principal Executive Officer ) .
Ms. Berman served as a Senior Advisor at Harvard University from April 2006 to June 2009 and served as Harvard University s Vice President for Finance and Chief Financial Officer from October 2002 to April 2006 .
InspireMD UK is taxed according to the tax laws in the UK .
Included in the total warrants outstanding are warrants to purchase 8,600 shares of common stock issued to Bridgeline Digital , Inc. s President and CEO , Roger Kahn , in connection with the November 2016 Private Placement , in which he purchased shares of common stock .
Great Basin Scientific , Inc. may lose Great Basin Scientific , Inc. status as an emerging growth company on the last day of Great Basin Scientific , Inc. fiscal year during which ( i ) Great Basin Scientific , Inc. annual gross revenue exceeds $ 1,000,000,000 or ( ii ) Great Basin Scientific , Inc. issue more than $ 1,000,000,000 in non - convertible debt in a three - year period .
In addition , on November 21 , 2014 , and with a view to diversifying its business , TX Holdings , Inc. acquired all of the membership interest in The Bag Rack , LLC .
Maria Jaksch , Trustees of the Jaksch Family Trust , Margery Germain , Lauren Germain , Emily Germain , Lucie Germain , Frank Louis Jaksch , Jr , and the University of Mississippi Research Foundation   .
On May 26 , 2015 , AMERI Holdings , Inc. completed the Merger , in which AMERI Holdings , Inc. caused Ameri100 Acquisition , Inc , a Delaware corporation and AMERI Holdings , Inc. newly created , wholly owned subsidiary , to be merged with and into Ameri and Partners ( dba Ameri100 ) , a Delaware corporation .
/s / Wilfred N. Cooper , Jr. Wilfred N. Cooper , Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer of WNC Associates , Inc. Date : June .
The following table summarizes VIKING ENERGY GROUP , INC . s oil and gas activities by classification and geographical cost center for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 : The following table summarizes VIKING ENERGY GROUP , INC . s oil and gas activities by classification for the year ended December 31 , 2016 :
The Messrs. Dove remained as global presidents of the business until September 2009 , and then formed HGP in October 2009 .
On December 21 , 2016 , Galenfeha , Inc. announced on Form 8 - K filed with the commission , the amendments to Galenfeha , Inc. s bylaws had been approved by the shareholders , and the following Board members where elected by a majority vote : James Ketner , Chairman ; LaNell Armour , Secretary / Treasurer ; Trey Moore , Director ; Lucien Marioneaux , Jr , Director .
From May 2003 until March 2004 , Dr. Shailubhai served as Executive Vice President , Research and Development of Synergy DE .
In 2012 , Mr. Brown incorporated Complete Hygiene Ltd , a specialist cladding company that prides itself on supplying top quality anti - microbial PVC cladding to the UK market , of which Mr. Brown is a 50 % shareholder and managing director .
In the event Mr. Fischer decides not to enroll in VIVUS INC medical plan , VIVUS INC will provide Mr. Fischer $ 15,000 annually , payable in equal monthly installments during the term of his employment for such medical benefits ; If Mr. Fischer 's employment had been terminated at any time prior to June 3 , 2014 , either ( i ) by VIVUS INC other than for Cause ( as defined in the Employment Agreement ) , non - renewal or due to Mr. Fischer 's death or Disability ( as defined in the Employment Agreement ) or ( ii ) voluntarily by Mr. Fischer for Good Reason ( as defined in the Employment Agreement ) , then Mr. Fischer would have been entitled to receive severance benefits as follows : ( i ) monthly severance payments for a six - month severance period following termination equal to Mr. Fischer 's monthly base salary immediately prior to employment termination ( determined after disregarding any reduction in base salary that constitutes Good Reason ) ;
Late Form 4 reports were filed for each of L. John Doerr , Diane B. Greene , John Hennessy , Ann Mather , Alan R. Mulally , K. Ram Shriram , and Shirley Tilghman on July 23 , 2015 to report their respective non - employee director annual refresh grants ( 673 shares of Class C GSUs , except for Alan R. Mulally who received a prorated grant of 580 shares of Class C GSUs ) awarded on July 1 , 2015 .
From 2010 to the present , Mr. Spitzer has also served as an attorney at law at the Spitzer Law Office .
Jean - Marc Allain Date : March 24 , 2017 Jean - Marc Allain President , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer .
Organization and Description of Business NexPoint Multifamily Capital Trust , Inc. ( the Company ) was incorporated on November 12 , 2013 as a Maryland corporation , and intends to elect to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ( REIT ) beginning with its 2017 tax year .
For 2014 , cash outflows from VARONIS SYSTEMS INC operating activities were $ 7.1 million , reflecting VARONIS SYSTEMS INC net loss of $ 19.4 million , which included non - cash charges of $ 6.1 million .
For this purpose , ALRe generally will be treated as a CFC if U.S. persons in the aggregate own ( or are treated as owning ) 25 % or more of the total voting power or value of AHL s or ALRe s stock for an uninterrupted period of 30 days or more during the taxable year .
Heritage Global Inc. UK operations are conducted in pounds sterling ( ) and
Guidewire Software , Inc. provides U.S. income taxes on the earnings of foreign subsidiaries , unless the subsidiaries earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside the United States .
Summary of Results For the three months ended September 30 , 2017 compared to the three months ended September 30 , 2016 , a summary of CITRIX SYSTEMS INC results from continuing operations included : .
Jerome Krulewitch , 52 , was promoted , effective March 4 , 2017 , to Corporate Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary .
From January 1 , 2017 to March 31 , 2017 , the Company ( i ) issued 400,000 shares of its common stock as part of a settlement with one of its creditors , ( ii ) issued 45,168 shares of its common stock as additional consideration provided to certain unrelated third party lender that purchased $ 50,000 of Pacific Ventures Group , Inc. 's debt from Albert Masjedi , the father of Pacific Ventures Group , Inc. 's President , Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer , Ms. Masjedi , and ( iii ) sold 30,000 shares to various investors for aggregate cash proceeds of $ 15,000 .
Regulations were recently promulgated by State Development and Reform Commission , or SDRC , and SAFE , that require registration with , and approval from , PRC government authorities in connection with direct or indirect offshore investment activities by individuals who are PRC residents and PRC corporate entities .
Mr. Byrd previously served in the following positions between September 1994 and November 2003 : President of ADESA Impact , a salvage auction subsidiary of ADESA , between February 2002 and November 2003 ; Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer of ADESA between May 2001 and February 2002 ; Vice President of Corporate Development of ADESA between January 1999 and May 2001 ; General Counsel of ADESA between August 1996 and January 1999 ; and Legal Counsel of ADESA between September 1994 and August 1996 .
Total consideration for the EFT Acquisition of $ 68,859 was paid in cash of $ 54,859 , a note payable to the previous owners of EFT Source , payable on September 2 , 2016 ( Sellers Note ) of $ 9,000 and the issuance of $ 5,000 of CPI Card Group Inc. preferred and common stock .
During September 2015 , ACTIVECARE , INC . entered into consulting agreements with ADP Management , an entity controlled by the former Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors .
Merck & Co , Inc. s U.S. commercial operations are headquartered in Upper Gwynedd , Pennsylvania .
As of June 30 , 2017 , WESTERN CAPITAL RESOURCES , INC . Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an assessment of the effectiveness of WESTERN CAPITAL RESOURCES , INC . disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e ) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 .
Michael Ogburn Michael Ogburn Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , President and Director ( Principal Executive Officer and Principle Financial Officer ) .
VECTREN UTILITY HOLDINGS INC s CO2 emission rate of 1,922 lbs CO2 / MWh is basically the same as Indiana 's average CO2 emission rate of 1,923 lbs CO2 / MWh .
The increase in segment general and administrative expenses ( excluding equity - indexed compensation expense ) for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 compared to the three months ended March 31 , 2016 was primarily due to costs associated with PLAINS GP HOLDINGS LP acquisition activities .
The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with BIOHITECH GLOBAL , INC . s financial statements for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , which contains the audited financial statements and notes thereto , for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 included within BIOHITECH GLOBAL , INC . s Form 10 - K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on March 30 , 2017 .
Timothy E. Steward Timothy E. Steward President and Managing Director Prudential Asset Resources , Inc. wcm13c14_35-11.htm .
Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. believe that Mr. Stevens ' broad experience in asset management , finance and investment banking , as well as management in general support his appointment to Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. board of directors .
Holdings owns all of IBG , Inc. 's Class B common stock , which has voting rights in proportion to its ownership interests in IBG LLC , approximately 84.3 % as of December 31 , 2015 .
In general , pursuant to Rule 144 , a stockholder ( or stockholders whose shares are aggregated ) who is not an affiliate of International Stem Cell CORP company and who has satisfied a six month holding period may , as long as International Stem Cell CORP are current in International Stem Cell CORP required filings with the SEC , sell securities without further limitation .
The labeling , distribution , importation , marketing , and sale of FITBIT INC products are subject to extensive regulation by various U.S. state and federal and foreign agencies , including the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission ( CPSC ) , FTC , Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , Federal Communications Commission , and state attorneys general , as well as by various other federal , state , provincial , local , and international regulatory authorities in the countries in which FITBIT INC products and services are distributed or sold .
In general , the television broadcasting and multichannel video programming and distribution industries in the United States are highly regulated by federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies , including the Federal Communications Commission ( the FCC ) .
Prior to serving as President and Chief Executive Officer , Mr. Clayton served as Chief Operating Officer of Clayton Homes , Inc. from 1997 to 1999 and as Vice President of Clayton Homes , Inc. and President of Vanderbilt Mortgage and Finance , Inc. from 1995 until 1997 .
On October 28 , 2015 Regen BioPharma Inc issued 11,000,000 shares of its Series A Preferred stock ( Shares ) to Dr. Harry Lander , Regen BioPharma Inc s President and Chief Scientific Officer , pursuant to the terms and conditions of that employment agreement entered into by and between Dr. Lander and Regen dated October 9 , 2015 .
M. Paul Martin , age 57 , has been a Director of the General Partner since October 2014 .
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In November 2015 , the FASB issued ASU 2015 - 17 , Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes , which is included in the ASC in Topic 740 .
In addition , in exchange for providing certain transitional services , DDGG issued to MGT Sports a warrant to purchase 1,500 shares of DDGG common stock .
In all years , the impact to the rate due to increases in uncertain tax positions was more than offset by the jurisdictional mix of earnings and other U.S. tax implications of Zoetis Inc. foreign operations described in the above footnotes .
As part of that transaction , Ener - Core Power , Inc. received all of the assets ( including intellectual property ) and liabilities pertaining to the Power Oxidizer business , which was the business carved out of FlexEnergy , Inc. Ener - Core , Inc. were originally incorporated on April 29 , 2010 in Nevada under the name Inventtech , Inc.
TransTech is located at 12142 NE Sky Lane , Suite 130 , Aurora , OR 97002 .
replaced the funding that READING INTERNATIONAL INC used to purchase the new U.S. Corporate Headquarters in Los Angeles through a new $ 9 . 9 million loan with 10 - year repayment term in December 2016 and June 2017 ; and .
Kansas City Southern and Subsidiaries Form 10 - Q March 31 , 2017 Index .
With the exception of Ms. Wyrsch and Mr. Mihalik , each executive officer has been an officer of Sempra Energy or its subsidiaries for more than the last five years .
Mr. Rupert has been Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. Chief Executive Officer since Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. initial formation .
Before joining the Bank , Mr. Bochnowski was an attorney , self - employed in private practice .
The increase in maintenance capital for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 compared to the same periods in 2016 was primarily due to increased investment in PLAINS ALL AMERICAN PIPELINE LP integrity management program , primarily on assets at PLAINS ALL AMERICAN PIPELINE LP West Coast terminals .
Upon a termination of Mr. Finley s employment without cause , the unvested deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to him in 2013 and 2014 and the deferred restricted common units grant to him under the Deferred Compensation Plan in respect of 2015 and 2014 will become fully vested .
During the term of this Agreement , Consultant will provide the Services as CUTERA INC s Consulting Chief Financial Officer , and will report directly to James A. Reinstein , CUTERA INC s Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) .
In December 2011 , Anika Therapeutics , Inc. entered into a fifteen - year licensing agreement with DePuy Synthes Mitek Sports Medicine , a division of DePuy Orthopaedics , Inc. ( Mitek ) , to exclusively market MONOVISC in the U.S. Anika Therapeutics , Inc. fully recognized revenue for a milestone payment of $ 5.0 million as a result of MONOVISC achieving $ 100.0 million in U.S. end - user sales within a consecutive 12 - month period ending in June 2017 .
In June 2011 , AMYRIS , INC . entered into joint venture agreements with Cosan related to the formation of a joint venture to focus on the worldwide development , production and commercialization of base oils made from Biofene for the automotive , commercial and industrial lubricants markets .
/s / Alton D. Heckaman , Jr. Alton D. Heckaman , Jr. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
On February 26 , 2016 , the Board of the Directors approved termination with First American Stock Transfer ( First American ) , the transfer agent for eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp common stock .
Nexeon MedSystems Inc ( Nexeon or the Company ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 7 , 2015 .
DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP , INC . financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) .
On February 3 , 2016 , Grace shareholders of record received one common share of GCP for every one common share of Grace held as of the record date , January 27 , 2016 , and the construction products and packaging technologies businesses of Grace were transferred to GCP , thereby completing GCP Applied Technologies Inc. legal separation from Grace ( " the Separation " ) .
The following discussion analyzes VerifyMe , Inc. results of operations for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 .
Mr. Hovnanian joined HOVNANIAN ENTERPRISES INC in 1979 and has been a Director of HOVNANIAN ENTERPRISES INC since 1981 and was Vice Chairman from 1998 through November 2009 .
Ms. Coleman joined SEARS HOLDINGS CORP as Senior Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in July 2014 .
William O Neill served as Odenza Corp. Director , President and Chief Executive Officer , Secretary and Treasurer , from July 16 , 2009 , until February 4 , 2013 .
In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 - K of Real Estate Associates Limited IV ( the Partnership ) , for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Brian Flaherty , as the equivalent of the chief executive officer of the Partnership , and Joseph Dryden , as the equivalent of the chief financial officer of the Partnership , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of his knowledge : .
In addition , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . purchased the equity interest in a newly formed subsidiary of Tianjin Enternet , Tianjin Sevenstarsflix Network Technology Limited ( SSF ) , that will offer a branded pay content service delivered to consumers ubiquitously through all its platform partners , will track and share consumer payments and other behavior data , will operate a customer management and data - based service and will develop mobile social TV - based customer management portals .
( 5 ) Represents adjustments resulting from the voluntary wind - down of the Boulder Brands private - label gluten - free bakery operation which is based in the United Kingdom .
Under the agreement , Mr. Binder serves as CLS Labs Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer and is entitled to receive an annual salary of $ 150,000 .
Mr. Konidaris has served as Chief Financial Officer and Board member of Alcresta Therapeutics , LLC since March 2016 .
Fort Worth , Texas AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC have examined management s assertion , included in the accompanying Management s Report on Assessment of Compliance with SEC Regulation AB Servicing Criteria , that AmeriCredit Financial Services Inc. ( the Company ) complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d ) of the Securities and Exchange Commission s Regulation AB for publicly issued auto lease asset - backed securities transactions issued from March 25 , 2015 to December 31 , 2015 for which AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC acted as servicer involving auto leases ( the Platform ) as of and for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , excluding criteria 1122(d)(1)(iii ) , 1122(d)(1)(iv),1122(d)(2)(iii ) , 1122(d)(2)(vi ) , 1122 ( d)(4)(ix ) , 1122(d)(4)(x ) , 1122(d)(4)(xi ) , 1122(d)(4)(xii ) , and 1122(d)(4)(xiii ) , which management has determined are not applicable to the activities performed by AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC .
Under the Employment Agreement , Mr. Phipps will serve as Orbital Tracking Corp. s Chief Executive Officer and President , and receive an annual base salary equal to the sum of $ 144,000 and 48,000 .
STK locations in New York and Las Vegas represented approximately 10 % ( Downtown ) , 9 % ( Midtown ) and 17 % ( Las Vegas ) and ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. food and beverage operations at the ME Hotel in London represented approximately 15 % of ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. total revenues ( both owned and managed properties ) in 2015 .
Mr. Mark Pastreich , a director , is a principal in the entity that owns the building leased by Company .
In the event of any dispute between HGP and you arising out of your employment , or the termination of your employment , Heritage Global Inc. each agree to submit Heritage Global Inc. dispute to binding arbitration in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of the American Arbitration Association in San Diego County , California .
Beauty , Inc. condensed consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) .
Margaret M. Spellings , age 59 , has served as President of the University of North Carolina since March 2016 and has been a member of ClubCorp Holdings , Inc. Board since 2015 .
Orbital Tracking Corp. was originally incorporated in 1997 as a Florida corporation .
By /s / G. Edison Holland , Jr. G. Edison Holland , Jr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
John L. Hennessy has served as a member of GOOGLE INC . Board of Directors since April 2004 , and as Lead Independent Director since April 2007 .
WL Ross Holding Corp. ( the Company ) was incorporated in Delaware on March 24 , 2014 .
Gregory G. Freitag , JD , CPA , Chief Financial Officer , General Counsel , Senior Vice President Business Development and Director ( Age 5 4 ) .
Gas Supply - IPL and WPL maintain purchase agreements with over 70 suppliers of natural gas from various gas producing regions of the U.S. and Canada .
From 1998 to 2002 Mr. Hollister founded and operated TeamCast.com , a technology spin - off focusing on peer - to - peer networking .
ASSURED GUARANTY LTD terminated investment grade financial guaranty and credit default swap ( CDS ) contracts with net par of $ 131 million and $ 2.2 billion in Second Quarter 2017 and Second Quarter 2016 , respectively .
Mr. Waldman serves as a member of the Board of Directors of Northstar / RXR Metro Income Fund , a non - traded Real Estate Investment Trust , and has served as a member of its audit committee since 2014 .
The decline for the three months ended April 30 , 2017 , when compared to the same period last year , is mainly attributable to a decline in projects in the Puerto Rico , United States and Brazil consulting markets of $ 1.1 , $ 0.1 and $ 0.1 million , respectively , partially offset by a gain in the Calibrations operation of approximately $ 0.1 million .
Mr. Schreiber continues to beneficially own approximately 8.5 % of RedHawk Holdings Corp. common stock .
Refer to Note 3 for discussion of a wholesale power supply agreement between IPL and Southern Minnesota Energy Cooperative , which became effective upon the sale of IPL s Minnesota electric distribution assets in 2015 .
Barbara P. Ruhlman is a member of the Company s Board of Directors and the mother of Robert G. Ruhlman , who is also a member of the Board of Directors and Chairman , President and CEO of the Company .
HSB Insurance , Inc , a wholly - owned subsidiary of UNITED COMMUNITY FINANCIAL CORP which was formed and began operations on June 1 , 2017 , is a Delaware - based captive insurance company which insures against certain risks unique to the operations of the Corporation and its subsidiaries and for which insurance may not be currently available or economically feasible in today 's insurance marketplace .
In March 2013 , Net Element , Inc. acquired all of the business assets of Unified Payments , a provider of comprehensive turnkey , payment processing solutions to small and medium size business owners ( merchants ) and independent sales organizations across the United States .
CTS CORP do not intend to repatriate funds beyond the amount from CTS CORP Canadian and U.K. subsidiaries ; however , should CTS CORP require more capital in the U.S. than is generated by CTS CORP domestic operations , CTS CORP could elect to repatriate funds held in foreign jurisdictions or raise capital in the U.S. through debt or equity issuances .
In Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc Form 10 - Q for the quarterly period ended March 31 , 2015 , Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc management identified material weaknesses in Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc internal controls over financial reporting relating to an inefficiency in the financial reporting process regarding the assessment of fair value accounting principles related to non - recurring and complex transactions .
If such payments are not made within 90 days , Hitachi America 's membership interest in PCT will increase from 19.9 % to 32.22 % and Hitachi America will have the right to nominate another director on the PCT board of managers .
Prior to joining MOC , Mr. Clark was employed by Texas Oil and Gas Corporation as Assistant Supervisor of joint interest accounting from 1976 to 1979 .
On June 1 , 2017 , President Trump announced the United States would begin the four - year process of withdrawing from the Paris Agreement .
AMERICAN CRYOSTEM Corp transfer agent is Olde Monmouth Stock Transfer Co , Inc. located at 200 Memorial Parkway , Atlantic Highlands , New Jersey 07716 .
ReWalk Robotics Ltd. have set a target to reduce total operating expenses in 2017 by up to 30 % as compared to 2016 .
On July 29 , 2016 Aurum , Inc. terminated the proposed acquisition of Humavox .
Under the terms of the Agreement , HGI agreed to pay Street Capital for ongoing services provided to HGI by Street Capital personnel .
See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Summary of Significant Transactions and Activities for the Nine Months Ended September 30 , 2017 Development Activities for further details regarding total projected investment of DCT Industrial Operating Partnership LP current development activities as well as cumulative costs incurred as of September 30 , 2017 .
Mr. Farkas also serves as an officer in various subsidiaries and controlled affiliates of Island Capital Group LLC and is also regularly appointed to and holds director positions in private , non - corporate vehicles controlled by Island Capital Group LLC .
As of the date of this report , Bravo Multinational Inc. have three employees , Paul Parliament , Bravo Multinational Inc. chairman , president , chief executive officer , and director , Richard Kaiser , Bravo Multinational Inc. interim chief financial officer , secretary , corporate governance officer and director , and Douglas Brooks , Bravo Multinational Inc. vice - president and director , all of whom will play a major role in securing the services of those persons who can develop Bravo Multinational Inc. business strategy upon receipt of sufficient funds to pay for such services either from success through receipt of funds from earnings , borrowing or sales of Bravo Multinational Inc. securities .
In March , the Fund saw positive performance with gains led by longs in the U.S. equity market including S P500 , Nasdaq and Dow Jones .
The transaction also includes the acquisition of BAMKO s subsidiaries in Hong Kong , China , Brazil and England as well as an affiliate in India .
As of December 31 , 2015 , in West Virginia , Antero Midstream Partners LP owned and operated 104 miles of buried fresh water pipelines and 80 miles of surface fresh water pipelines that service
On March 27 , 2017 , Simlatus Corp entered into an Investor Relations Consulting Agreement with StockVest that covered the period from April 1 , 2017 through July 1 , 2017 .
ARBOR REALTY TRUST INC short - term and long - term liquidity needs include ongoing commitments to repay borrowings , satisfaction of collateral requirements under the Fannie Mae DUS risk - sharing agreement and as an approved designated seller / servicer of Freddie Mac 's SBL Program , operational liquidity requirements of the GSE agencies , funding future loans and investments , funding operating costs and distributions to ARBOR REALTY TRUST INC stockholders as well as other general business needs .
All of Products Corporation 's shares of common stock are pledged to secure Revlon , Inc.
Essent Group Ltd. effective tax rate was 34.9 % for the year ended December 31 , 2014 , which approximates the U.S. federal statutory tax rate as substantially all of Essent Group Ltd. earnings in 2014 were generated in the United States .
If , after the effective date of her new employment agreement and prior to or more than twelve months following a change in control , ACHILLION PHARMACEUTICALS INC . terminate Ms. Fenton s employment without cause ( as defined in her new employment agreement ) or she resigns her employment for good reason ( as defined in her new employment agreement ) , the occurrence of which ACHILLION PHARMACEUTICALS INC . refer to as a covered termination , and provided that she timely enters into a severance and release of claims agreement , Ms. Fenton will be entitled to receive : ( 1 ) continued payment of her then current base salary for an twelve - month period ; ( 2 ) if Ms. Fenton is eligible for and timely .
During the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 as compared to the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 , ACADIA REALTY TRUST investing activities used $ 229.4 million less cash , primarily due to ( i ) $ 162.3 million less cash used for the acquisition of real estate , ( ii ) $ 137.8 million less cash used for the issuance of notes receivable , ( iii ) $ 63.6 million less cash used for investments and advances to unconsolidated investments , and ( iv ) $ 9.9 million less cash used for development and property improvement costs .
CITIZENS & NORTHERN CORP business was able to grow with the help of Bruce and C N. Jim Fetter , President , Muncy Machine Tool Co. teamwork excellence respect responsibility and accountability integrity client - focus fun
On February 19 , 2016 , Low Tuan Lee was appointed Chief Executive Officer and President , and will retain his position as Chief Financial Officer and director .
As of November 30 , 2016 , JIN WAN HONG INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS Ltd owed its President , Director , and major shareholder , Shu Feng Lu $ 11,364 .
For substantial assistance in connection with the sale of investments , as determined by the independent directors , MVP REIT II , Inc. will pay the Advisor or its affiliate the lesser of ( i ) 3.0 % of the contract sale price of each real estate - related secured loan or other real estate investment or ( ii ) 50 % of the customary commission which would be paid to a third - party broker for the sale of a comparable property .
As described in Note 2 , effective on November 24 , 2015 , Air T , Inc. purchased interests in Delphax .
Part of the consideration paid to Whistler Blackcomb shareholders consisted of 3,327,719 shares of VAIL RESORTS INC common stock and 418,095 Exchangeco Shares .
On December 2 , 2014 , SUCCESS ENTERTAINMENT GROUP INTERNATIONAL INC . Board of Directors accepted the resignation of Steve Chen as the Chief Executive Officer and appointed Chris ( Chi Jui ) Hong as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of the Board of Directors .
This is directly related to recognition of the 49.4 % non - controlling interest in HLBE at October 31 , 2015 and net income attributable to the non - controlling interest during the 2015 fiscal year and a distribution to non - controlling members of approximately 4.6 million during 2015 .
Prior to 2005 , Mr. Sondheim served as President of Retail at GoodTimes Entertainment , a home video company , and President of PolyGram Video at PolyGram Filmed Entertainment , a video distributor .
COVANTA HOLDING CORP have continued to observe the operation of each of the control changes effected as part of COVANTA HOLDING CORP remediation efforts implemented during 2016 as described in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures in COVANTA HOLDING CORP 2016 Form 10 - K. COVANTA HOLDING CORP overall remediation plan also includes .
Other than with respect to the amount of severance and Ms. Brown 's relocation arrangement , the severance arrangements for these named executive officers are the same .
Exhibit 32 In connection with the Quarterly Report of WisdomTree Investments , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the SEC ) on the date hereof ( the Report ) , WisdomTree Investments , Inc , Jonathan Steinberg , Chief Executive Officer of WisdomTree Investments , Inc , and Amit Muni , Chief Financial Officer of WisdomTree Investments , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , to WisdomTree Investments , Inc. knowledge , that : .
In January 2013 , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . formed Cloud Peak Energy Receivables LLC , a special purpose , bankruptcy - remote 100 % owned subsidiary , to purchase , subject to certain exclusions , in a true sale , trade receivables generated by certain of CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . subsidiaries without recourse ( other than customary indemnification obligations for breaches of specific representations and warranties ) and then transfer undivided interests in up to $ 75.0 million of those accounts receivable to a financial institution for cash borrowings for CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . ultimate benefit .
Mr. Hjerpe recommended , and the board of directors awarded at the recommendation of the Compensation Committee , increases in base salary for each of the named executive officers .
On June 7 , 2012 , LABORATORY CORP OF AMERICA HOLDINGS was served with a putative class action lawsuit , Yvonne Jansky v. Laboratory Corporation of America , et al , filed in the Superior Court of the State of California , County of San Francisco .
Mr. Rady s significant experience as a chief executive of oil and gas companies , together with his training as a geologist and broad industry knowledge , enable Mr. Rady to provide the board with executive counsel on a full range of business , strategic and professional matters .
Exhibit 32.1 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ( the Exchange Act ) , and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code ( 18 U.S.C. 1350 ) , Ralph A. Clark , the President , Chief Executive Officer and Director of ShotSpotter , Inc. ( the Company ) and Alan R. Stewart , Chief Financial Officer of SHOTSPOTTER , INC , each hereby certifies that , to the best of his knowledge : 1 .
The discussion and analysis of Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III , Inc. financial condition and results of operations is based upon Lightstone Value Plus Real Estate Investment Trust III , Inc. consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) .
ABCO Energy , Inc. has entered into Securities Purchase Agreement with Blackbridge Capital , LLC , a Delaware limited liability company [ SPA ] , operating out of New York , New York ( Blackbridge ) whereby Blackbridge has agreed to purchase up to $ 5,000,000 worth of shares of ABCO Energy , Inc. s common stock .
It is possible that SFR shareholders and INVH stockholders may file additional lawsuits challenging the Mergers or the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement , which may name INVH , the INVH Board , SFR and/or the SFR Board as defendants .
Mr. Sklar became the Executive Vice President and General Counsel of HGP in June 2013 and was appointed the Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of HGI in May 2015 .
In December 2014 , Mobiquity Technologies , Inc. entered into a three - year employment agreement with Thomas Arnost serving as Executive Chairman of the board .
Income tax expense for the three years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to the taxation treatment of income attributable to noncontrolling interests in IBG LLC .
MARCUS CORP expect MARCUS CORP second and third fiscal quarters to produce MARCUS CORP strongest operating results because these periods coincide with the typical summer seasonality of the movie theatre industry and the summer strength of the lodging business .
Mr. Pessina also serves on the Board of Directors of a number of private companies , including Sprint Acquisitions Holdings Limited , and from 2000 to 2017 served on the Board of Directors of Galenica AG , a publicly - traded Swiss healthcare group .
Accordingly , based on such exchange rates in effect as of March 31 , 2017 , WEIGHT WATCHERS INTERNATIONAL INC will set aside a net amount of CAD $ 133,100 of your Base Salary to be converted into USD , and to be paid out in pro - rated amounts , during each payroll period of the Conversion Period .
Blackstone Group L.P. senior managing directors have agreed in the limited liability company agreement of Blackstone Partners L.L.C. that Blackstone Group L.P. founder , Mr. Schwarzman , will have the power to determine how the special voting unit held by Blackstone Partners L.L.C. will be voted .
New regulations or standards or changes in existing regulations or standards in the United States or internationally related to AEROHIVE NETWORKS , INC products may result in unanticipated costs or liabilities , which could have a material adverse effect on AEROHIVE NETWORKS , INC business , results of operations and future sales , and could place additional burdens on the operations of AEROHIVE NETWORKS , INC business .
Legal Proceedings The descriptions of legal proceedings ( including judicial proceedings and proceedings before the PUC and environmental and other administrative agencies ) in HEI s and Hawaiian Electric s 2016 Form 10 - K ( see Part I. Item 3 .
For the year ended December 31 , 2014 , operating activities used $ 4.7 million in cash , which was attributable to EMAGIN CORP net loss of approximately $ 5.3 million and the change in operating assets and liabilities of $ 2.4 million offset by approximately $ 3.0 million from the net non - cash expenses .
As discussed above , on June 1 , 2017 , SDOI consummated a Contribution and Exchange Transaction to acquire a 52.1 % controlling interest in Turning Point .
During the nine months ended November 30 , 2014 , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. sold one Company - owned Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory location and four U - Swirl Company owned caf s.
the FDA in the United States or any health regulatory authority in another country that is a counterpart to the FDA and holds responsibility for allowing development of the Product and/or granting Regulatory Approval for a Product , including the EMA , and any successor(s ) thereto ; .
On March 11 , 2015 , Atlas acquired Anchor Holdings Group , Inc , a privately owned insurance holding company , and its wholly owned subsidiary , Global Liberty , along with its affiliated entities , Anchor Management , and Plainview ( collectively , " Anchor " ) , from an unaffiliated third party .
Prior to joining GTE , Mr. Attwood served as an investment banker at Goldman , Sachs Co. for 11 years , working in both the New York and Tokyo offices .
Mr. Enck joined Quintiles as a result of Quintiles acquisition of Beansprout Networks , an internet company designed to foster effective communication between parents and the pediatricians and child - care providers who care for their children where Mr. Enck served as CEO .
Jeffrey G. McGonegal , Chief Financial Officer ( principal financial officer and principal accounting officer ) .
Indiana Michigan Power Company , an AEP electric utility subsidiary .
In addition , to the extent permitted under applicable law , Executive agrees that , for a period beginning on the Effective Date and ending twelve ( 12 ) months after termination of Executive s employment with ACCURAY INC , regardless of the reason for such termination , Executive shall not use any Proprietary Information to , directly or indirectly , solicit , direct , interfere with , or entice away from ACCURAY INC any existing customer , licensee , licensor , vendor , contractor or distributor of ACCURAY INC or for the customer or other business partner to expand its business with a competitor , without the prior written consent of the Company ; provided , however , that if Executive is or becomes a permanent resident of the state of California and remains such a permanent resident through the date of termination of Executive s employment , this Section 6(c ) shall not apply following the termination of Executive s employment with ACCURAY INC . ( d ) Non - Solicitation of Employees .
If the Executive is unable to perform the essential functions of the Executive s job under this Agreement , with or without reasonable accommodation , by reason of physical or mental disability or incapacity ( Disability ) and such disability or incapacity shall have continued for any period aggregating six ( 6 ) months within any twelve ( 12 ) consecutive months , Lumos Networks Corp. may terminate the Executive s employment , this Agreement and the Employment Term at any time thereafter .
Philip C. Raymond Philip C. Raymond Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , and Treasurer February 26 , 2016 .
Until March 2017 , the Corporate segment included EnLink Midstream , LLC unconsolidated affiliate investment in Howard Energy Partners ( HEP ) .
The growth in year - over - year consolidating operating revenues in 2016 compared with 2015 was partially attributed to the inclusion of TVN s results for the entire twelve months in 2016 compared with only six months in 2015 , while the growth in year - over - year consolidated operating revenues in 2015 compared with 2014 was partially attributed to the inclusion of TVN s results for six months in 2015 compared with not at all in 2014 .
Inc. net income for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 by $ 2.5 million and iHeartCommunications , Inc. estimate that iHeartCommunications , Inc. net loss for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 would have decreased by $ 0.0 million .
As of April 2 , 2017 and January 1 , 2017 , SUNPOWER CORP 's investment in the 8point3 Group had a negative carrying value of $ 74.9 million and $ 60.6 million , respectively , resulting from the continued deferral of profit recognition for projects sold to the 8point3 Group that included the sale or lease of real estate .
Chief Executive Officer and Vice President of Finance concluded that as of December 31 , 2015 , and as of the date that the evaluation of the effectiveness of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . disclosure controls and procedures was completed , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . disclosure controls and procedures were effective to satisfy the objectives for which they are intended .
Hatteras Financial Corp also purchase ARM agency securities and mortgage loans directly from loan originators .
The following table sets forth , for the quarterly periods indicated , the high and low sale prices for HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA common stock as reported by the NYSE during 2015 and 2014 .
In February 2006 , SURGE COMPONENTS INC settled with a shareholder to repurchase 10,000 shares of Series C Preferred plus accrued dividends for $ 50,000 .
For example , in May 2015 , IONIS PHARMACEUTICALS INC entered into an exclusive license agreement with Bayer to develop and commercialize IONIS - FXI Rx for the prevention of thrombosis .
Acquisition of Powertrain Integration , LLC On May 4 , 2015 , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement ( APA ) with Powertrain Integration , LLC ( Powertrain ) and its owners , to acquire the assets of Powertrain .
In November 2013 , Intersect ENT , Inc. entered into an agreement with Stephen Gould Corporation , or SGC , pursuant to which SGC supplies us with packaging components in accordance with a rolling quarterly forecast provided by us .
Last , you will need to provide ARDELYX , INC . with documents establishing your identity and right to work in the United States .
Mr. Wagner has been a director since April 2014 .
Andrew Batinovich has served as Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. Chief Executive Officer and as a member of Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. board of directors since August 2013 .
In 2015 , WESTMOUNTAIN Co entered into Promissory Note Agreements with WestMountain Distressed Debt , Inc , a related party , in the amount of $ 35,000 and purchased equipment of $ 1,712 .
The restructuring actions related to the Brooks Semiconductor Solutions Group segment were primarily related to the integration of Contact , the closure and transfer of BROOKS AUTOMATION INC Mistelgau , Germany manufacturing operations to a contract manufacturer , as well as other cost reductions to improve profitability and competitiveness , as described below .
On April 9 , 2015 , a third lawsuit was filed in the U. S. District Court for the Central District of California , entitled Russ McCullough , a / k / a Big Russ McCullough , Ryan Sakoda , and Matthew R. Wiese a / k / a Luther Reigns , individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated , v. World Wrestling Entertainment , Inc , asserting similar allegations to Haynes .
If Blackstone Group L.P. were to have a realization event in a particular quarter , it may have a significant impact on Blackstone Group L.P. results for that particular quarter which may not be replicated in subsequent quarters .
Ms. Fitt also has previously served on the boards of directors of ARM Holdings PLC and Thomson Reuters Corporation .
As of December 31 , 2016 , Columbia Property Trust owned 21 office properties and one hotel , which contain approximately 11.0 million square feet of commercial space , located in nine states and the District of Columbia .
The table below presents NOODLES & Co operating results for 2015 and 2014 , and the related year - over - year changes : .
It is uncertain what the outcome of the negotiations will be , but it is possible that revisions to NATFA could adversely affect Spectrum Brands existing production operations in Mexico and the current and future levels of sales and earnings of Spectrum Brands in all three countries .
A refined petroleum product pipeline system that runs from the Phillips 66 - operated and jointly owned Borger Refinery in Borger , Texas , to Cahokia , Illinois , with access to Phillips 66 s Ponca City Refinery , as well as two parallel lateral lines that run from Paola , Kansas , to Kansas City , Kansas .
PHOTRONICS INC , to date , has not paid any cash dividends on PLAB shares and , for the foreseeable future , anticipates that earnings will continue to be retained for use in its business .
Simon Raab Name : Simon Raab Title : President and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
Mr. Massoumi joined Iteris in 1998 and served in a number of executive and managerial positions prior to the promotion to his current position , most recently as ITERIS , INC . Vice President of Business Development from June 2011 to March 2015 .
The discussion of MSCI Inc. segment results for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 is presented below .
If Healthcare Trust of America Holdings , LP had breached any of these provisions of these agreements , Healthcare Trust of America Holdings , LP could have been required to settle Healthcare Trust of America Holdings , LP obligations under these agreements at an aggregate termination value of $ 1.5 million at September 30 , 2017 .
On May 10 , 2007 , Joway Health Industries Group Inc operating subsidiaries , Joway Shengshi entered into a cash advance agreement with Jinghe Zhang , Joway Health Industries Group Inc President , Chief Executive Officer and director .
In connection with the quarterly report of Dawson Geophysical Company ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , James K. Brata , Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and Treasurer of DAWSON GEOPHYSICAL CO , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ,
ALPINE IMMUNE SCIENCES , INC . success largely depends on the continued service of key management and other specialized personnel , including Mitchell H. Gold , M.D , ALPINE IMMUNE SCIENCES , INC . Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , Jay R. Venkatesan , M.D , ALPINE IMMUNE SCIENCES , INC . President and a member of ALPINE IMMUNE SCIENCES , INC . board of directors , Stanford Peng , M.D , Ph . D , ALPINE IMMUNE SCIENCES , INC . Executive Vice President of Research and Development and Chief Medical Officer , Ryan Swanson , ALPINE IMMUNE SCIENCES , INC . Vice President of Immunology , Michael Kornacker , Ph . D , ALPINE IMMUNE SCIENCES , INC .
Andrew Batinovich . Chief Executive Officer , Corporate Secretary and Director .
In connection with the acquisition of BFP and BPT , Dana agreed to purchase certain real estate currently being leased by BPT from a Brevini affiliate for 25 in the event that sale to a third party has not occurred by November 1 , 2017 .
Use of Non - GAAP Financial Measures Whenever Mylan N.V. uses non - GAAP financial measures , Mylan N.V. provide a reconciliation of the non - GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure .
Net Income Attributable to Non - Controlling Interest As of December 31 , 2016 , Premier , Inc. owned an approximate 36 % controlling general partner interest in Premier LP through Premier GP .
On January 20 , 2017 , TerraForm Power , Inc. and Terra LLC , entered into a memorandum of understanding ( the MOU ) with SunEdison , TerraForm Global , Inc. ( TerraForm Global and , together with TerraForm Power , the Yieldcos ) and TerraForm Global , LLC ( GLBL LLC ) , a subsidiary of TerraForm Global .
This agreement , which ends in 2035 , requires the DOE to reimburse TVA for the costs that TVA incurs in connection with providing irradiation services and to pay TVA an irradiation services fee at a specified rate per TPBAR over the period when irradiation occurs .
Tak W. Mak , Ph.D. Dr. Mak is professor of medical biophysics , University of Toronto ; director of the Advanced Medical Discovery Institute ; director of the Campbell Family Institute for Breast Cancer Research ; foreign associate of the National Academy of Sciences ; and fellow of the Royal Society .
These costs were partially offset by charges of $ 54.3 million recorded during the year ended December 31 , 2016 associated with the UMWA 1974 Pension Plan settlement .
David Koos , ENTEST BIOMEDICAL , INC . s Chairman and CEO , is also the Chairman and CEO of Regen of Regen Biopharma , Inc. As of February 28 , 2017 ENTEST BIOMEDICAL , INC . remains indebted to Blackbriar Partners in the principal amount of $ 8,000 of which $ 1,000 is due and payable February 17 , 2018 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10%per annum and of which $ 7,000 is due and payable February 28 , 2018 and bears simple interest at a rate of 10 % per annum . On October 1 , 2014 Regen Biopharma Inc. entered into an agreement to sublease approximately 2,320 square feet of office space from the Company .
Arkadiy Dobkin Arkadiy Dobkin Chief Executive Officer and President ( principal executive officer ) .
22nd Century Group , Inc. also announced at that same time that 22nd Century Group , Inc. are expanding 22nd Century Group , Inc. hemp activities in 22nd Century Group , Inc. home State of New York after the announcement by New York Governor Andrew Cuomo that New York State intends to become a leading grower and producer of hemp and hemp - derived products .
TherapeuticsMD , Inc. financing activities for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 provided net cash of approximately $ 2,652,000 which was related to exercise of warrants and options .
The Separation occurred on February 3 , 2016 , by means of a pro rata distribution to Grace stockholders of all of the outstanding shares of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. common stock ( the " Distribution " ) .
A summary of PETROSONIC ENERGY , INC . s option activity during the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 , is as follows : .
In 2007 , PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO acquired 83.74 % of Belos SA ( Belos ) , located in Bielsko - Biala , Poland .
On November 13 , 2017 , the Board of Directors of PTG approved a clarifying amendment to the due to related party transaction with Mr. Enan , Chairman and CEO of PTG , who provided PTG with $ 250,000 in cash in December 2016 .
Total property , plant , and equipment increased $ 512 million and Mirror CWIP decreased $ 271 million primarily associated with the construction and collections for the Kemper IGCC .
Mr. Wagner has served as a director of various companies , including public companies , and has over 25 years of experience in investing , banking and private equity .
For example , if anticipated sales or shipments do not occur when expected , expenses and inventory levels in a given quarter can be disproportionately high , and CPI Card Group Inc. results of operations for that quarter , and potentially for future quarters , may be adversely affected .
MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings , Inc. also maintain leased facilities for MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings , Inc. design centers located in Massachusetts , California , North Carolina , New York , Rhode Island , Oregon , Florida , Michigan , New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Canada , Taiwan , India , Ireland , the United Kingdom , France , the Netherlands , Japan , Australia and China as well as for MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings , Inc. administrative , assembly and test operations located in California , New Hampshire , and Taiwan , and MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings , Inc. local sales offices in Oregon , Canada , Germany , Malaysia , China , Japan , India , and South Korea .
On June 30 , 2014 , TQ Beta LLC ( TQ Beta ) filed suit against DISH Network , DISH DBS Corporation , DISH Network L.L.C , as well as HSS , EchoStar Corporation , EchoStar Technologies , L.L.C , and Sling Media , Inc , a subsidiary of EchoStar , in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware , alleging infringement of United States Patent No . 7,203,456
As defined by NAREIT , FFO means net income computed in accordance with GAAP , excluding gains ( or losses ) from sales of property , plus depreciation and amortization , and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures in which the REIT holds an interest .
See " 2013 MPSC Rate Order " herein for information related to the July 7 , 2015 Mississippi PSC order terminating the Mirror CWIP rate and requiring refund of collections under Mirror CWIP .
OHA Investment Corp recorded PIK dividend income from OHA Investment Corp investment in Castex Energy 2005 , LP , of $ 0.0 million and $ 1.3 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , and 2016 , respectively .
In addition ENTEGRIS INC use contract manufacturers for certain of ENTEGRIS INC gas microcontamination control and other electronic materials products both in the U.S. and Asia .
The following table sets for the names and ages of SPINDLE , INC . directors and executive officers : Name Age Position Jack A. Scott 63 Interim Chief Executive Officer , Chairman of the Nominating Committee and Director John Devlin 72 Interim Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer , Chairman of the Audit Committee and Director Francis Knuettel , II 50 Chairman of the Board of Directors Glenn Bancroft 61 Secretary , Chairman of the Compensation Committee and Director Habib Yunus 41 Director Terms of Office SPINDLE , INC . directors are elected by the stockholders and serve until their successors are elected and qualified , or until he or she resigns or is removed in accordance with SPINDLE , INC . bylaws and the provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes .
Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Management Estimates The discussion and analysis of IXYS CORP /DE/ financial condition and results of operations are based upon IXYS CORP /DE/. unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
Plaintiff then began filing substantially similar complaints against approximately 80 of the loan originators from whom RFC had purchased loans , including Home Loan Center , in federal and state courts in Minnesota and New York .
For purposes of clause ( i ) of this subsection ( a ) , no act , or failure to act , on the Executive s part shall be deemed willful unless done , or omitted to be done , by the Executive not in good faith and without reasonable belief that the Executive s act , or failure to act , was in the best interests of SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO .
The following table is a summary of IBERIABANK CORP 's acquisition activity over the past five years : .
Protagenic Therapeutics , Inc. ew financing activities provided cash of $ 4,302,437 for the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 .
Mr. Robson joined Verifone in January 2015 and serves as VERIFONE SYSTEMS , INC . Executive Vice President , Global Solutions .
As of December 31 , 2015 , Neff Corp operated 66 branches organized into operating clusters in five regions in the United States : Florida , Atlantic , Central , Southeastern and Western .
DIGITAL POWER CORP revenues decreased by $ 85 or 5.0 % to $ 1,628 for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , from $ 1,713 for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 .
In addition , up until the sale of a portion of ACORN ENERGY , INC . interest in DSIT Solutions , Ltd. to Rafael Advanced Defense Systems Ltd. in April 2016 , ACORN ENERGY , INC . reported DSIT s Energy Security Sonar Solutions activities as a reportable segment as well as its information technology activities and outsourced consulting activities which were combined and included in ACORN ENERGY , INC .
In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Hollywood Entertainment EDU Holding , Inc. ( the Company ) for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 , I , David Lau , Chief Executive Officer of HOLLYWOOD ENTERTAINMENT EDU HOLDING , INC . and I , Alan J. Bailey Chief Financial Officer hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , to the best of my knowledge and belief , that : .
During April 2015 , James J. Dalton was appointed Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer .
Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 of James C. Fish , Jr , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
On February 19 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into a Share Exchange Agreement ( the Exchange Agreement ) with Global Telesat Communications Limited , a Private Limited Company formed under the laws of England and Wales ( GTCL ) and all of the holders of the outstanding equity of GTCL ( the GTCL Shareholders ) .
Catalent , Inc. effective tax rate at March 31 , 2017 reflects benefits derived from operations outside the United States , which are generally taxed at lower rates than the U.S. statutory rate of 35 % as well as the benefits of favorable tax rate changes .
fluctuations in currency exchange rates , particularly in light of the Brexit vote and other recent political developments , which could reduce the amount of revenues RingCentral Inc generate outside of the U.S. related to customer contracts that are denominated in local currencies of the countries RingCentral Inc operate in , currently predominantly Canada and the U.K , or which could reduce the expenses incurred in RingCentral Inc operations or through RingCentral Inc contractors outside the U.S. that are denominated in local currencies , currently the U.K , Russia , China , the Philippines , and Ukraine ; .
ALERE INC . and ALERE INC . subsidiary , Arriva Medical , LLC , are also in the process of responding to Civil Investigative Demands , or CIDs , from the United States Attorney s office for the Middle District of Tennessee and the U.S. Department of Justice in connection with an investigation of possible improper claims submitted to Medicare and Medicaid .
UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC most significant foreign currency exposure is to the Chinese Yuan Renminbi as this is the functional currency of UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC China - based factories where the majority of UNIVERSAL ELECTRONICS INC products are manufactured .
Duonas Corp. are a development stage company and currently have no employees , other than Duonas Corp. sole officer , Vladyslav Beinars .
Upon termination of Mr. Castagno s employment by CICERO INC without cause , CICERO INC agreed to pay Mr. Castagno an amount of $ 75,000 which is equivalent to six ( 6 ) months of Mr. Castagno s then current base salary in equal semi - monthly installments over the six ( 6 ) month period following the termination .
See Note 13 , Subsequent Events - Portfolio Update , for a discussion of Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. 's investment activity subsequent to December 31 , 2015 .
Organization Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp , a Maryland corporation ( the " Company " ) , was formed on May 27 , 2014 under the Maryland General Corporation Law .
Kathy N. Waller Kathy N. Waller Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer The Coca - Cola Company .
CHINA CHANGJIANG MINING & NEW ENERGY COMPANY , LTD . has incorporated language into other recently issued accounting pronouncement notes , where relevant for the corrections in FASB ASU 2017 - 03 .
A significant slowdown in acquisition activity or capital spending by MLPs held in FS Energy & Power Fund portfolio could result in a reduction of accelerated depreciation generated by new acquisitions , which may result in an increase in FS Energy & Power Fund investment company taxable income that FS Energy & Power Fund are required to distribute to shareholders to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement or to eliminate FS Energy & Power Fund liability for U.S. federal income tax .
On February 15 , 2017 , NexPoint Capital , Inc. increased its public offering price from $ 10.55 per share to $ 10.60 per share .
The significant captions and amounts from Carlyle Group L.P. consolidated statements of cash flows which include the effects of Carlyle Group L.P. Consolidated Funds and CLOs in accordance with U.S. GAAP are summarized below .
Final assessments by the Hawaii Department of Taxation for general exercise taxes against the Expedia companies , including Orbitz , relating to merchant car rental transactions during the years 2000 to 2014 are also under review in the Hawaii tax courts .
Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. common stock began trading on the NYSE on April 18 , 2013 under the symbol HASI .
OCEANFIRST FINANCIAL CORP is required to file a New Jersey income tax return because it does business in New Jersey .
Effective March 5 , 2014 , GLOBAL HEALTHCARE REIT , INC . consummated a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement providing for the purchase from Connie Brogdon , spouse of Christopher Brodgon , President and Director of GLOBAL HEALTHCARE REIT , INC , for nominal consideration ( $ 10 ) , a 25 % membership interest in Limestone Assisted Living , LLC ( Limestone LLC ) .
COMPX INTERNATIONAL INC operations are wholly within the U.S. and therefore COMPX INTERNATIONAL INC effective income tax rate is primarily reflective of the U.S. federal statutory rate .
MOOG INC . expect MOOG INC . 2017 capital expenditures to be approximately $ 70 million , as MOOG INC . support growth related investments in Space and Defense Controls and in Aircraft Controls .
This resulted in a pre - tax gain of $ 948.1 million due to the remeasuring to fair value of Macquarie Infrastructure Corp previous 50 % ownership of IMTT .
The following discussion and analysis is based on CENTENE CORP consolidated statements of operations , which reflect CENTENE CORP results of operations for each of the three years ended December 31 , 2015 , prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ( $ in millions , except per share data ): .
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was ( $ 0.8 ) million for each of the nine - month periods ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , both the result of allocated net income recorded by Castle Brands Inc 60 % owned subsidiary , GCP .
Thomas H. Lyles , TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC president and chief executive officer has contributed significantly to TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC business .
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , Randy A. Foutch , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Laredo Petroleum , Inc. ( the " Company " ) , and Richard C. Buterbaugh , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Laredo Petroleum , Inc , certify that , to their knowledge : ( 1 ) the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Laredo Petroleum , Inc. for the period ending June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and ( 2 ) the information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of Laredo Petroleum , Inc. August 8 , 2017 .
Prior to joining Integrated Health Services , Inc , Mr. Booth served as a Vice President in the Healthcare Lending Division of Maryland National Bank ( now Bank of America ) .
Vista Outdoor Inc , Mark W. DeYoung , Chief Executive Officer , and Stephen M. Nolan , Chief Financial Officer , of Vista Outdoor Inc. ( the Company ) , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to Vista Outdoor Inc. knowledge : .
EnSync , Inc. financing activities provided net cash of $ 19,722,006 for the six months ended December 31 , 2015 .
MOJO Organics , Inc. uses the Black - Scholes option - pricing option model to value its stock option awards which incorporate MOJO Organics , Inc. s stock price , volatility , U.S. risk - free rate , dividend rate , and estimated life .
Over the next several years , MOSAIC CO and MOSAIC CO subsidiaries will be continuing MOSAIC CO efforts to obtain permits in support of MOSAIC CO anticipated Florida mining operations at certain of MOSAIC CO properties .
Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of February 27 , 2014 between Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company and LG Capital Funding , LLC ( incorporated by reference to Lithium Exploration Group , Inc.
It was also determined that Mr. Malik Youyou , who serves as a director of DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC Company and was Vice Chairman from January 1 , 2014 until December 5 , 2017 , is not independent because he owns a controlling interest of DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC Company s issued and outstanding common stock .
VIKING ENERGY GROUP , INC . does not have any employment agreements with its Chief Executive Officer and President , Mr. Doris , and its Executive Chairman , Treasurer and former Chief Executive Officer , Mr. Simeo .
In March 2014 , AMYRIS , INC . entered into a Loan and Security Agreement ( or the LSA ) with Hercules Technology Growth Capital , Inc. ( or Hercules ) to make available to Amyris a secured loan facility ( or the Senior Secured Loan Facility ) in an initial aggregate principal amount of up to $ 25.0 million .
Under the terms of the contract , Mr. Chan will be paid $ 180,000 per annum for services as Chief Executive Officer .
Ms. Liu was Senior Vice President of Finance and Treasurer of SCS and Treasurer of Southern Company prior to her promotion to Vice President and Chief Financial Officer at Gulf Power on June 1 , 2015 .
Royal Energy Resources , Inc. Under Royal Energy Resources , Inc. employment agreements with Messrs. Tuorto , Hughs and Phillips , if the employment of the executive is terminated by us for for cause , or by the executive voluntarily without good reason , then the executive , as applicable , will be entitled to receive his earned but unpaid base salary , payment with respect to accrued but unpaid vacation days , all benefits accrued and vested under any of Royal Energy Resources , Inc. benefit plans , and reimbursement for any properly incurred business expenses ( collectively , the accrued obligations ) .
Interest payments under CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . debt obligations , capital expenditures , including CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . commitment to BKC to remodel restaurants in 2016 , payments of royalties and advertising to BKC and payments related to CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . lease obligations represent significant liquidity requirements for us as well as any discretionary expenditures for the acquisition of additional Burger King restaurants .
GBA is indirectly owned by Griffin Capital and Randy Anderson , Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. 's Executive Vice President who directly holds a 5 % interest in GBA .
Stacy M. Light Senior Vice President Forrest A. Garb Associates , Inc. SML / mm .
Regal operates one of the largest and most geographically diverse theatre circuits in the United States , consisting of 7,379 screens in 566 theatres in 43 states along with Guam , Saipan , American Samoa and the District of Columbia as of June 30 , 2017 .
In the event the Grantee is employed by a business that is acquired by NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORP /DE/ or a subsidiary , NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORP /DE/ shall have discretion to determine whether the Grantee s service prior to the acquisition will be included in determining service for such purposes .
The decrease in DOE of $ 38 million , or 2 % , was primarily due to a decrease in HERTZ CORP International RAC segment and HERTZ CORP corporate operations of $ 31 million and $ 9 million , respectively , while the U.S. RAC segment remained flat in the first half of 2017 compared to the first half of 2016 .
During the year ended December 31 , 2013 , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC decreased SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC valuation allowance by $ 8.3 million from $ 59.4 million .
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of DSG Global Inc. and its subsidiary DSG Tag Systems , Inc , and its wholly owned subsidiary DSG Tag Systems International , Ltd , collectively referred to as the Company .
In the United States , third parties such as Cardinal Health , Inc. warehouse and ship a significant portion of BAXTER INTERNATIONAL INC s products through their distribution centers .
In the event NUVASIVE INC is required to repatriate funds from outside of the United States , such repatriation would be subject to local laws , customs , and tax consequences .
She is a member of the board of directors of Gilead Sciences , Inc. Ms. Walker joined Cisco in November 2008 , serving from November 2008 through January 2012 as Vice President , Services Marketing .
HALF ROBERT INTERNATIONAL INC /DE/ generally has few cross - border transfers of funds , except for transfers to the U.S. for payment of intercompany loans , working capital loans made between the U.S. and HALF ROBERT INTERNATIONAL INC /DE/ s foreign subsidiaries , and dividends from HALF ROBERT INTERNATIONAL INC /DE/ s foreign subsidiaries .
The discussion and analysis of TECHNICAL COMMUNICATIONS CORP financial condition and results of operations are based on TECHNICAL COMMUNICATIONS CORP consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
This increase is due primarily to the $ 13.7 million Constant Contact purchase accounting adjustment , which negatively impacted adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter of 2016 , to cost efficiencies from the 2016 Constant Contact restructuring plan , and to incurring a full quarter of Constant Contact results .
Sitestar.net provides services and support to customers in the United States and Canada .
On August 21 , 2014 , Muliang Agricultural Limited ( Muliang HK ) was incorporated in Hong Kong as an investment holding company .
The tax expense recorded during the three months ended June 30 , 2016 includes a discrete charge for a Swiss withholding tax related to the transferring of Black Diamond Equipment s European operations from Basel , Switzerland to Innsbruck , Austria , and a discrete charge for a potential tax liability related to a tax audit associated with the formal closure and liquidation of Black Diamond , Inc. s Black Diamond Equipment manufacturing operations in Zhuhai , China .
Competition - Retail electric customers in Iowa and Wisconsin currently do not have the ability to choose their electric supplier , and IPL and WPL have obligations to serve all their retail electric customers .
On March 27 , 2012 , Summer LLC became a wholly - owned subsidiary of Summer Energy Holdings , Inc. ( formerly known as Castwell Precast Corporation ) through a reverse acquisition transaction , which resulted in the former members of Summer LLC owning approximately 92.3 % of the Summer Energy Holdings , Inc. outstanding common stock .
Under the terms of the merger agreement , Liberty shareholders received $ 37.96 in cash or 1.1934 shares of MIDDLEFIELD BANC CORP s common stock in exchange for each share of Liberty common stock they owned immediately prior to the merger .
In addition , subsequent to the initial public offering , trusts established by Jay Sugarman , Safety , Income & Growth , Inc. 's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , and Geoffrey Jervis , Safety , Income & Growth , Inc. 's Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer , purchased 26 thousand shares in the aggregate of Safety , Income & Growth , Inc. 's common stock for an aggregate $ 0.5 million , at an average cost of $ 19.20 per .
This Supply Agreement ( this Supply Agreement ) , dated as of June 20 , 2016 , by and among Impax Laboratories , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( Buyer ) , Actavis Elizabeth LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Actavis Elizabeth ) , Actavis Group PTC Ehf , an Iceland einkahlutafelag ( Actavis PTC ) , Actavis Holdco US , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( Actavis Holdco ) , Actavis LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Actavis LLC ) , Actavis Mid Atlantic LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Actavis Mid Atlantic ) , Actavis Pharma , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( Actavis Pharma ) , Actavis South Atlantic LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Actavis South Atlantic ) , Andrx LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Andrx ) , Breath Ltd , a United Kingdom private limited company ( Breath ) , The Rugby Group , Inc , a New York corporation ( Rugby ) , and Watson Laboratories , Inc , a Nevada corporation ( Watson and , together with Actavis Elizabeth , Actavis PTC , Actavis Holdco , Actavis LLC , Actavis Mid Atlantic , Actavis Pharma , Actavis South Atlantic , Andrx , Breath and Rugby , each a Manufacture r and , collectively , the Manufacturers ) .
The following table presents NOI for the properties that were included in RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . same store portfolio for the periods presented , which consisted of 197 operating properties acquired or placed in service prior to January 1 , 2013 , and Other investment properties , along with a reconciliation to net income attributable to common shareholders .
The amounts reported in this line for 2016 , 2015 and 2014 primarily include noncontrolling interest earnings of $ 32.7 million , $ 36.9 million and $ 35.3 million , respectively , related to the non - Gallagher owned interest in Chem - Mod .
Dr. Joachim Rosengarten and Dr. Andreas Hoger Bockenheimer Landstra e 24 60323 Frankfurt am Main Germany To Purchaser and/or Purchaser 's Guarantor : Alan S. Korman V.P , Corporate Development , General Counsel Corporate Secretary Columbus McKinnon Corporation 205 Crosspoint Parkway Getzville , New York 14068 USA with a copy to : DLA Piper UK LLP Attn . :
Knowledge in the case of an individual means , with respect to any matter , the actual knowledge of such Person after due inquiry about the matter and , in the case of MAGELLAN HEALTH INC , shall mean the Knowledge of Thurman Justice , Wayne Lowell , Carissa Neubig , Keith Peifer and David Kleinhanzl and , in the case of Purchaser , the Knowledge of any of the chief executive officer , the chief operating officer , the chief financial officer , the chief accounting officer and the general counsel of Purchaser .
Miami Services , which commenced operations on March 24 , 2008 , operated a food and beverage service through The Perry Hotel located in Miami Beach , Florida .
The loss of the services of any of Ms. Helena Santos , the Company s Chief Executive and Financial Officer and President , Mr. Robert Nichols , SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES INC s Genie Products Division President , Mr. Brookman March , Vice President of Corporate Development and Strategy and Vice President of Sales of Altamira , and Mr. Karl Nowosielski , Torbal Products Division President or any material expansion of SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES INC s operations could place a significant additional strain on SCIENTIFIC INDUSTRIES INC s limited management resources and could be materially adverse to the Company s operating results and financial condition .
Mr. Greisch was most recently President , International Operations for Baxter International , Inc , a position he held since 2006 .
In addition , Mr. Starkman has been removed as Chairman and replaced by Gregory Shusterman , who was appointed as Vice Chairman in April 2017 and has served as Acting Chairman since April 19 , 2017 .
Northern Power Systems Corp. general activity during the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 was primarily focused on : growing revenue , orders and backlog of distributed wind turbines in key markets , especially Italy and the United States ; continued expansion of order backlog for FlexPhase power conversion technology used in battery - energy - storage and microgrid applications ; expansion of services offerings to include full turnkey wind turbine installations , and optimizing Northern Power Systems Corp. supply chain and operating profile to improve Northern Power Systems Corp. margins , and monetizing Northern Power Systems Corp. utility assets .
Essent Group Ltd. ( the Company ) , and Lawrence E. McAlee , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Essent Group Ltd , each hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S. C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of his knowledge : .
APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES INC operations outside the United States increase APPLIED INDUSTRIAL TECHNOLOGIES INC exposure to global economic and political conditions and currency exchange volatility .
COVENANT TRANSPORTATION GROUP INC investment in TEL , totaling $ 19.3 million and $ 18.5 million at September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , respectively , is included in other assets in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets .
On January 13 , 2015 , Generation NEXT Franchise Brands , Inc. 's Chairman , Nicholas Yates , agreed to loan Generation NEXT Franchise Brands , Inc. up to $ 200,000 ( the " Loan " ) , each incremental borrowing under the Loan to be evidenced by a promissory note .
For example , in 2009 and 2010 , there were significant decreases in non - residential construction activity compared to prior periods , which materially adversely affected Neff Corp results for those periods .
Mr. Brauser is currently the Chairman of IDI , Inc. ( IDI ) .
Syros Pharmaceuticals , Inc. net losses were $ 13.4 million , $ 29.8 million and $ 47.7 million for the years ended December 31 , 2014 , 2015 and 2016 , respectively .
Exhibit 99.2 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed May 13 , 2009 .
In January 2016 , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC closed on the previously announced purchase of the assets of KUQI ( FOX ) , KTOV - LP ( MNT ) and KXPX - LP ( Retro TV ) in Corpus Christi , Texas for $ 9.3 million .
On September 25 , 2009 , the joint venture was terminated and Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into an agreement with Beeston Enterprises Ltd , under which Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. was granted an option to acquire an undivided 50 % interest in eight mineral claims located in the Clinton Mining District of British Columbia , Canada .
Pursuant to a long - term lease , MARCUS CORP operate the AC Hotel Chicago Downtown , a 226 - room hotel in Chicago , Illinois .
Bradley L. Hansen , EnSync , Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer , has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Meineng Energy since December 2011 .
It is expected that CRL will provide the AcroVal to AxoGen , Inc. s Burleson distribution facility and AxoGen will perform final inspection and package for customer shipment .
While GLU MOBILE INC believe GLU MOBILE INC strategy has proven to be successful in certain areas , GLU MOBILE INC have not experienced the level of success with Katy Perry Pop , Kendall Kylie , Britney Spears : American Dream and Nicki Minaj : The Empire that GLU MOBILE INC experienced with Kim Kardashian : Hollywood , which necessitated impairments to certain contractual minimum guarantee payments made to certain of GLU MOBILE INC celebrity licensors during 2016 .
Mr. C.K. Lee was appointed the Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and a Director of Odenza Corp , ( iii ) and Messieurs Michael Teh Kok Lee , Dato John Looi Teh Sung , Dato Danny Goh Meng Keong , Law Boon Hee , Soo Kai Chee , and Gilbert Loke were appointed as Independent Directors of Odenza Corp. On May 28 , 2015 , ( i )
Mario Lap , director and director and officer of EU subsidiaries did not file required reports under Section 16(a ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2016 .
Based on the results of Genpact LTD European operations for fiscal 2016 , and excluding any hedging arrangements that Genpact LTD had in place during that period , a 5.0 % appreciation or depreciation of the Euro against the U.S. dollar would have increased or decreased , as applicable , Genpact LTD revenues in fiscal 2016 by approximately $ 6 million .
Mr. Boutte was to also serve as PLEDGE PETROLEUM CORP s interim Chief Financial Officer .
For purposes of this Agreement , Consultant has designated Mr. David G. Derrick , as Consultant 's representative to undertake the day - to - day administration and management hereunder on behalf of Consultant .
Termination of Proposed Sale of Undivided Interest In 2010 and as amended in 2012 , Mississippi Power and SMEPA entered into an agreement whereby SMEPA agreed to purchase a 15 % undivided interest in the Kemper IGCC ( 15 % Undivided Interest ) .
As of December 31 , 2016 , RadNet , Inc. operated 305 centers in California , Delaware , Florida , Maryland , New Jersey , New York and Rhode Island .
Macquarie Infrastructure Corp increased the valuation allowance by $ 1.8 million for 2014 and $ 3.0 million for 2013 for certain state NOL carryforwards .
Elite Pharmaceuticals , Inc. ( the Company or Elite ) was incorporated on October 1 , 1997 under the laws of the State of Delaware , and its wholly - owned subsidiary Elite Laboratories , Inc. ( Elite Labs ) which was incorporated on August 23 , 1990 under the laws of the State of Delaware .
Wildcat Litigation means , individually and collectively , ( i ) Wildcat Liquid Alpha , LLC v. Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc , C.A. No . 12254 - VCMR ( Del. Ch . ) , filed on April 25 , 2016 ; and ( ii ) Wildcat Liquid Alpha LLC v. Henry Ji , William S. Marth , Kim D. Janda , Douglas Ebersole , Jaisim Shah , David H. Deming , and Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc , C.A. No . 12338 - VCMR ( Del. Ch . ) , filed on May 13 , 2016 .
During 2016 , Allison Ashmore ( Account Executive ) and Meagan Ashmore ( AVP Client Management ) , daughters of William Ashmore , IMPAC MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC s President and Director , earned $ 253,841 and $ 147,912 , respectively in salary , bonus and auto allowance , and Ben Tomkinson ( Account Executive ) and Sedamar Fitzgerald ( Relationship Manager ) , son and sister - in - law of Joseph Tomkinson , IMPAC MORTGAGE HOLDINGS INC s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer , earned $ 130,542 and $ 120,066 , respectively , in salary and bonus .
current expectations of limited or no shipments into the Asian market over the next several years , as demonstrated by the recent amendments to CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . throughput agreements with Westshore and BNSF in the fourth quarter of 2015 , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . chief operating decision maker began evaluating segment operating performance using Adjusted EBITDA , excluding an allocation of corporate costs .
Seasonal sales patterns and other variations related to Guidewire Software , Inc. revenue recognition may cause significant fluctuations in Guidewire Software , Inc. results of operations and cash flows and may prevent us from achieving Guidewire Software , Inc. quarterly or annual forecasts , which may cause Guidewire Software , Inc. stock price to decline .
only insurance subsidiary that can write any business in Connecticut , but Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. may seek approval for Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. other insurance subsidiaries to write business in this state at some point in the future .
In particular , INSTRUCTURE INC compete with many other companies for software developers with high levels of experience in designing , developing and managing cloud - based software , as well as for skilled information technology , marketing , sales and operations professionals , and INSTRUCTURE INC may not be successful in attracting and retaining the professionals INSTRUCTURE INC need , in particular in Utah , where INSTRUCTURE INC are headquartered .
RPC INC also provided downhole motors and tools in Argentina , Canada , China and Oman , and rental tools in Equatorial Guinea .
Presbia USA , Inc. and OPL , LLC are both entities organized in the United States , and include Presbia USA , Inc. s subsidiaries , Visitome , Inc. and PresbiBio , LLC , both organized in the United States , and OPL , LLC s direct and indirect subsidiaries , PIP Holdings , C.V and Presbia Cooperatief U.A , both organized in the Netherlands , and PresbiOptical LLC , organized in the United States ( collectively , including Presbia PLC , the Company ) .
The increases were primarily due to increases in operations - related expenses of $ 5.0 million and $ 9.7 million , respectively , due to increased headcount , depreciation expense as a result of higher capital expenditures to support PROOFPOINT INC growth , and intangible amortization expense of developed technology from the acquisitions .
LinnCo , LLC common shares are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market ( NASDAQ ) and the continued listing of LinnCo , LLC common shares on NASDAQ is subject to LinnCo , LLC ability to comply with NASDAQ s continued listing requirements , including , among other things , a minimum closing bid price requirement of $ 1.00 per common share .
In June 2006 , plaintiff Lorenzo Benton filed a class action complaint in the Superior Court of California , County of Los Angeles , alleging various wage and hour violations against Telecom Network Specialists ( TNS ) , a former subsidiary of Quanta .
The SEC ( File No . 3 - 16213 ) alleged that during the period Mr. Derrick was an officer and director of Track Group ( then known as SecureAlert , Inc. ) , Mr. Derrick and Mr. Dalton , as executive officers and directors failed to disclose personal guarantees related to the sale of equipment by Track Group , and that the non - disclosures resulted in material misstatements of $ 2 million in overstated revenue in Track Group 's financial statements for fiscal years 2007 and 2008 in that company 's Forms 10 - KSB , 10 - KSB / A , 10 - QSB , and 10 - QSB / A filed from September 2007 through January 2010 .
Interpace Diagnostics Group , Inc. were originally incorporated in New Jersey in 1986 and began commercial operations as a CSO in 1987 .
China Biologic Products , Inc. Audit Committee is currently composed of three members : Mr. Sean Shao , Dr. Yungang Lu and Mr. Albert ( Wai Keung ) Yeung .
Collateral Agreement , dated as of November 27 , 2015 , by and among CSRA Inc , the guarantors from time to time party thereto , The Bank of Tokyo - Mitsubishi UFJ , Ltd , in its capacity as administrative agent under the Pro Rata Facilities , Royal Bank of Canada , in its capacity as administrative agent under the Term Loan B Facility and MUFG Union Bank , N.A , in its capacity as Collateral Agent ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to CSRA Inc. 's Current Report on Form 8 - K filed December 2 , 2015 , File No . 001 - 37494 ) 10.15 * .
In fiscal year 2014 , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. entered into a promissory note with a third - party lender , and in turn , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. entered into a loan and security agreement with U - Swirl ( the U - Swirl Loan Agreement ) pursuant to which U - Swirl could borrow up to $ 7.75 million from Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. to fund acquisitions .
Mark Friedman , Ph.D. Vice President of Regulatory and Quality .
From 2006 until present , Mr. Reiss has been a Member of Buttonwood Tree Management , LLC and a general partner of Buttonwood Tree Value Partners , LLC , a California investment partnership with investments that include Trust Units of Mills Music Trust .
In December 2016 , Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc. terminated the Dreamworld Club ( Poipet ) EGM machine operation and participation agreement and sold Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc. remaining gaming assets in Cambodia , including Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc. EGMs placed in Dreamworld Club ( Poipet ) as well as Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc. EGMs held in storage and gaming equipment spare parts and accessories in Cambodia , to the venue owner of Dreamworld Club ( Poipet ) for cash proceeds of $ 900,000 .
Moelis & Co also purchased 1,509,131 shares of Class B common stock from Partner Holdings for cash of $ 28 and subsequently cancelled those shares .
Before that , Mr. O Rourke was Executive General Manager in Australia and Managing Director of Placer Dome Asia Pacific Ltd , the second largest gold producer in Australia , from December 2004 , where he was responsible for the Australia Business Unit consisting of five gold and copper mines ; and General Manager of Western Australia Operations for Iluka Resources Ltd , the world s largest zircon and second largest titanium producer , from September 2003 , where he was responsible for six mining and concentrating operations and two mineral separation / synthetic rutile refineries .
( Suizhong Branch ) filed a lawsuit with Huludao Intermediate People s Court ( the Court ) against SkyPeople Fruit Juice , Inc s indirectly wholly - owned subsidiary Huludao Wonder Fruit Co , Ltd.
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT rely on CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT information technology systems in connection with the operation of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT business , especially with respect to customer service and billing , accounting and , in some cases , the monitoring and operation of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT treatment , storage and pumping facilities .
As of January 2 , 2016 , BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC operated 329 retail stores located primarily in major malls throughout the United States , Canada , Puerto Rico , the United Kingdom , Ireland and Denmark in BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC DTC segment .
ARI 's revenues under this agreement were less than $ 1 million for each of the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 .
independent directors within the meaning of the rules of the New York Stock Exchange who are disinterested ) , cash or newly issued shares of Camping World Holdings , Inc.
Other investing activities include additional investment in Wilmar of $ 0.2 billion for the three months compared to $ 0.1 billion the same period last year .
The 2014 Distribution Agreement replaced the prior equity distribution agreement entered into with Barrington in November 2013 , under which Castle Brands Inc could offer and sell Shares of Castle Brands Inc Common Stock having a gross sale price of up to $ 6.0 million .
Under unit power agreements approved by the FERC , I M and KPCo purchase approximately 920 MWs and 390 MWs , respectively , of the output from AEGCo s 50 % share of the Rockport Plant .
Prior to joining Kodak , Underberg was an attorney in the New York City office of international law firm Fulbright Jaworski ( currently Norton Rose Fulbright ) .
Resort Savers , Inc. 's subsidiaries , whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar , translate their records into U.S. dollar as follows : .
Neither Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. nor , to Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. s K nowledge , any director , officer , agent , employee or affiliate of Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department ( OFAC and Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc. will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Note(s ) , or lend , contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary , joint venture partner or other person or entity , for the purpose of financing the activities of any person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC .
Also on April 17 , 2015 , in connection with the Motion Acquisition , XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP subsidiary entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Square 1 Bank , pursuant to which Square 1 Bank provided us with formula and non - formula revolving loans for up to an aggregate amount of $ 15 million , which replaced XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP existing Accounts Receivable Purchase Agreement with DSCH Capital Partners , LLC d / b / a Far West Capital .
He previously served as President , Chief Executive Officer and Director of LINN Energy from January 2010 to December 2011 and from December 2007 to January 2010 , Mr. Ellis served as President and Chief Operating Officer of LINN Energy .
management concluded that , as of December 31 , 2015 , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . internal controls over financial reporting were effective .
Establish Novan , Inc. own sales and marketing organization to commercialize Novan , Inc. products in the United States .
John McGrain has served as Director since August 31 , 2015 and Heatwurx , Inc.
HOULIHAN LOKEY , INC . adopted ASU No . 2016 - 18 and it did not have a material impact on HOULIHAN LOKEY , INC . 's operating results and financial position .
Mortgage Loans Held for Sale Hatteras Financial Corp purchases certain individual whole loans with the intention of selling them to Ginnie Mae for inclusion in securitizations .
VMWARE , INC . were required to file two U.S. tax returns covering the period prior to the Dell Acquisition from January 1 , 2016 to September 7 , 2016 and the period following the Dell Acquisition through Dell s fiscal year ended February 3 , 2017 .
Patrick Gosselin President , Secretary , Treasurer and Director ( Principal Executive Officer , ) .
On April 17 , 2017 , Cartesian , Inc. entered into a Letter Agreement with the former shareholders of the Farncombe Entities whereby the parties agreed to a final determination of the Earn - Out , that the Earn - Out target was expected to be achieved , and that Cartesian , Inc. would pay 100 % of the Earn - Out consideration described above to the Sellers .
In preparing TENET HEALTHCARE CORP financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) , TENET HEALTHCARE CORP are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in TENET HEALTHCARE CORP Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and these accompanying notes .
In Southeast Texas , WildHorse Resource Development Corp primarily operate in Burleson , Lee and Washington Counties where WildHorse Resource Development Corp primarily target the Eagle Ford Shale .
The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee discusses these appraisals with Larry when reviewing proposed equity awards for each named executive officer .
Net Element , Inc. subsidiaries Digital Provider and PayOnline hold market leadership positions in mobile and online payments segments in Russian Federation and CIS .
Upon the closing of the Vector Purchase Agreements in May 2011 , MULTI SOLUTIONS II , INC incumbent directors and officers resigned , and Richard J. Lampen , J. Bryant Kirkland III and Robert L. Frome were appointed to MULTI SOLUTIONS II , INC board of directors and Messrs. Lampen and Kirkland became MULTI SOLUTIONS II , INC President , and Secretary , Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer respectively .
In addition , LinnCo , LLC may transact with counterparties based in the European Union , Canada or other jurisdictions which , like the U.S , are in the process of implementing regulations to regulate derivatives transactions , some of which are currently in effect and impose operational and transactional costs on LinnCo , LLC derivatives activities .
On March 3 , 2017 , BOSTON OMAHA Corp hired James A. McLaughlin to serve as the President and Chief Executive Officer of BOSTON OMAHA Corp wholly - owned subsidiary Link Media Holdings , LLC , in replacement of Sean Cash , who formerly served in such capacity .
Jennifer Olson has served as ALIGN TECHNOLOGY INC Vice President and Managing Director , Doctor - Directed Consumer Channel since August 2016 .
On May 12 , 2017 , SkyPharm S.A. ( SkyPharm ) , a wholly owned subsidiary , as of August 1 , 2014 , of Cosmos Holdings Inc. entered into a Trade Finance Facility Agreement ( the SkyPharm Facility ) with the Lender .
During the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS , INC . incurred $ 8.6 million in severance costs related to staff reductions in connection with the Acquisition and $ 0.3 million in severance costs related to VIRTUS INVESTMENT PARTNERS , INC . 's outsourcing activities .
ATVRockN ( the Company or the Registrant ) was incorporated on December 27 , 2010 as ATVRockN , as a Nevada Company .
In the U.S , PayPal Holdings , Inc. work with independent chartered financial institutions that extend credit to the consumer or merchant using PayPal Holdings , Inc. credit products .
Indian Point 3 Unit 3 of Indian Point Energy Center ( nuclear ) , owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment Internal Revenue Service Independent System Operator kW Kilowatt , which equals one thousand watts kWh Kilowatt - hour(s ) Louisiana Public Service Commission Midcontinent Independent System Operator , Inc , a regional transmission organization MMBtu One million British Thermal Units Mississippi Public Service Commission Megawatt(s ) , which equals one thousand kilowatts MWh Megawatt - hour(s ) Net debt to net capital ratio Gross debt less cash and cash equivalents divided by total capitalization less cash and cash equivalents Net MW in operation Installed capacity owned and operated Nuclear Regulatory Commission New York Power Authority Palisades Palisades Nuclear Plant ( nuclear ) , owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment Parent Other The portions of Entergy not included in the Utility or Entergy Wholesale Commodities segments , primarily consisting of the activities of the parent company , Entergy Corporation Pilgrim Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station ( nuclear ) , owned by an Entergy subsidiary in the Entergy Wholesale Commodities business segment Purchased power agreement or power purchase agreement Public Utility Commission of Texas Registrant Subsidiaries Entergy Arkansas , Inc , Entergy Louisiana , LLC , Entergy Mississippi , Inc , Entergy New Orleans , Inc , Entergy Texas , Inc , and System Energy Resources , Inc. River Bend River Bend Station ( nuclear ) , owned by Entergy Louisiana Securities and Exchange Commission System Agreement Agreement , effective January 1 , 1983 , as modified , among the Utility operating companies relating to the sharing of generating capacity and other power resources .
In October 2011 , NTE entered into an agreement with the Investec Asset Finance to acquire VLS .
In October 2011 , NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC s subsidiary , NTE , entered into a loan agreement with HSBC Bank to finance the acquisition of 51 % of a controlling interest in Virtual Leasing Services Limited .
Mr. Ryan has had a distinguished career in the advertising industry , most recently serving as the global CEO of Foote Cone Belding Worldwide ( now FCB ) , and as the Chairman and Chairman Emeritus from June 2005 to December 2010 .
By : /s/ Kenneth J. Nisber By : /s/ Kenneth Moch Name : Kenneth J. Nisber Name : Kenneth Moch Title : Exec Dir , U - M Tech Transfer Title : President CEO .
On December 1 , 2015 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with VES Investment Trust dated December 1 , 2015 pursuant to which Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issued to VES Investment Trust a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $ 18,000 , which amount includes the purchase price of $ 15,000 , 10 % pre - paid interest ( per annum , for 12 months ) of $ 1,500 , and $ 1,500 in respect of legal fees incurred by VES Investment Trust .
ss and the president approved legislation strengthening domestic trade laws .
Prior to joining SWIFT ENERGY CO , Mr. Tomberlin held key positions with BP Production America as Director - Decommissioning from February 2008 to October 2008 and as Manager - Operations Technical Group from January 2005 to January 2008 .
To the extent those earnings are not deemed permanently reinvested in China , Yum China Holdings , Inc. are required to record U.S. tax on those earnings , net of a credit for the foreign taxes paid in China .
On January 6 , 2014 , KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT , Inc , together with KBS Real Estate Investment Trust , Inc , KBS Real Estate Investment Trust II , Inc , KBS Real Estate Investment Trust III , Inc , KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT , Inc , KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT II , Inc , the Dealer Manager , the Advisor and other KBS - affiliated entities , entered into an errors and omissions and directors and officers liability insurance program where the lower tiers of such insurance coverage are shared .
Franklin Square Holdings is controlled by FS Energy & Power Fund 's chairman , president and chief executive officer , Michael C. Forman , and FS Energy & Power Fund 's vice - chairman , David J. Adelman .
PIONEER FINANCIAL SERVICES INC s consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ( GAAP ) for interim financial information , the instructions to Form 10 - Q and Article 10 of Regulation S - X. Accordingly , they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements and should be read in conjunction with PIONEER FINANCIAL SERVICES INC s audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in PIONEER FINANCIAL SERVICES INC Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended September 30 , 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) on December 19 , 2016 .
In connection with the Federal - Mogul Rights Offering , ICAHN ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS L.P. fully exercised ICAHN ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS L.P. subscription rights under ICAHN ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS L.P. basic and over subscription privileges to purchase additional shares of Federal - Mogul common stock , thereby increasing ICAHN ENTERPRISES HOLDINGS L.P. ownership of Federal - Mogul , for an aggregate additional investment of $ 230 million .
CIENA CORP total deferred revenue for products was $ 49.9 million and $ 45.2 million as of April 30 , 2017 and October 31 , 2016 , respectively .
Prior to purchasing ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN , LLC in 2008 , Mr. Reisner held various positions in the firm , including Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , General Counsel and Executive Vice President of Acquisitions .
Daniel E. Gorski Mr. Gorski has served as a director of Texas Mineral Resources Corp. since January 2006 and as Texas Mineral Resources Corp. s chief executive officer since August 2012 .
Wendell E. Smith - Vice President of Power Delivery since March 2014 .
GCP Applied Technologies Inc. believe the CEO s compensation should be higher than the compensation of other executive officers because the CEO is uniquely positioned to influence all aspects of Grace 's operations and performance and the resulting return to GCP Applied Technologies Inc. shareholders .
Total production during 2014 averaged 74,432 BOE / d , an increase of 4,189 BOE / d ( 6 % ) compared to 2013 levels , due primarily to a 2,602 Bbls / d ( 7 % ) production increase from DENBURY RESOURCES INC tertiary oil fields in 2014 and DENBURY RESOURCES INC receiving only nine months of production in 2013 from the purchase of additional interests in CCA in late - March 2013 , partially offset by a decrease of 663 BOE / d in DENBURY RESOURCES INC Gulf Coast non - tertiary production .
During the third quarter of 2016 , APRICUS BIOSCIENCES , INC . sold an additional $ 1.2 million of APRICUS BIOSCIENCES , INC . common stock pursuant to a Common Stock Purchase Agreement ( the Aspire Purchase Agreement ) with Aspire Capital Fund , LLC ( Aspire Capital ) .
On October 5 , 2017 Helios & Matheson Analytics Inc. entered into a consulting agreement ( the Consulting Agreement ) with Mr. Muralikrishna Gadiyaram , a member of Helios & Matheson Analytics Inc. s Board of Directors .
NUVASIVE INC have experienced rapid growth since NUVASIVE INC inception , and have increased NUVASIVE INC revenue from $ 38.4 million in 2004 , the year of NUVASIVE INC initial public offering , to $ 811.1 million in 2015 .
Aerkomm Inc. loss before income taxes increased by $ 1,365,401 to $ 4,710,813 for the nine - month period ended September 30 , 2017 , from a loss of $ 3,345,412 for the nine - month period ended September 30 , 2016 , as a result of the factors described above .
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney TT II , LLC ( TT II , LLC or the Trading Company ) was formed on March 26 , 2007 , as a Delaware limited liability company under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act ( the Act ) , to engage in the speculative trading of commodities , domestic and foreign futures contracts , forward contracts , foreign exchange commitments , options on physical commodities and on futures contracts , spot ( cash ) commodities and currencies , exchange of futures contracts for physicals transactions , exchange of physicals for futures contracts transactions , and any rights pertaining thereto ( collectively , Futures Interests ) ( refer to Note 4 .
Joseph Gunnar Co , LLC provided an opinion to Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc. board of directors opining that the consideration to be paid by Scintilla in the Semnur Acquisition is fair , from a financial point of view , to Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc. stockholders .
As a part of the negotiations for the SGO MN Joint Venture , Glenborough agreed to certain reduced property management and related charges payable by the SGO MN Joint Venture ; the GPP Incentive Fee was implemented in order to provide GPP and its affiliates with an opportunity to recoup those reductions should the SGO MN Joint Venture assets perform well financially .
Because Blackstone Group L.P. revenue , net income and cash flow can be highly variable from quarter to quarter and year to year , Blackstone Group L.P. do not provide any guidance regarding Blackstone Group L.P. expected quarterly and annual operating results .
On July 26 , 2017 , FORM Holdings Corp. entered into an underwriting agreement ( the Underwriting Agreement ) with Roth Capital Partners , LLC , acting as the representative of the several underwriters named therein ( collectively , the Underwriters ) , relating to the issuance and sale ( the Offering ) of 6,900,000 shares of FORM Holdings Corp. s common stock , par value $ 0.01 per share ( FORM Common Stock ) including 900,000 shares subject to the Underwriters over - allotment option , which was exercised on August 2 , 2017 and closed on August 4 , 2017 .
Bennett J. Goodman On February 24 , 2015 , Bennett J. Goodman was appointed to the board of directors of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C , the general partner of The Blackstone Group L.P.
The following table illustrates Neff Corp operating activity for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 .
Internal Actuary 's and the Consulting Actuary 's assumptions , point estimates , and ranges ; ( b ) the inherent uncertainty of workers ' compensation loss reserves ; and ( c ) the potential for legislative and/or judicial reversal of California workers ' compensation reforms .
REPORTABLE SEGMENTS Kodak has seven reportable segments : Print Systems , Enterprise Inkjet Systems , Micro 3D Printing and Packaging , Software and Solutions , Consumer and Film , Intellectual Property Solutions and Eastman Business Park .
AMERICAN AIRLINES INC operate principally through hubs in Charlotte , Chicago , Dallas / Fort Worth , Los Angeles , Miami , New York , Philadelphia , Phoenix and Washington , D.C.
As of March 31 , 2017 , the interest rate payable on borrowings under Easterly Government Properties , Inc.
Mr. Zarrilli also served as the Chief Financial Officer , from 2001 to 2004 , of Fiberlink Communications Corporation , a provider of mobile access solutions for large enterprises ; as the Chief Executive Officer , from 2000 to 2001 , of Concellera Software , Inc , a developer of content management software ; as the Chief Executive Officer , from 1999 to 2000 , and Chief Financial Officer , from 1994 to 1998 , of US Interactive , Inc.
In connection with the acquisition of the remaining 51 % of the partnership interests in the Terranomics Crossroads Associates , LP and the acquisition of 100 % of the equity interest in SARM Five Points Plaza LLC in September 2013 , Retail Opportunity Investments Partnership , LP entered into Tax Protection Agreements with certain limited partners of the Operating Partnership .
ExpressJet provides regional jet service principally in the Eastern United States , primarily from airports located in Atlanta , Cleveland , Chicago ( O Hare ) , Houston , Detroit , Memphis , Newark and Minneapolis , as well as Mexico and Canada .
The exchange of OCGH units in connection with the March 2015 Offering resulted in increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of the Oaktree Operating Group .
Mr. Kyte has also been an owner of petroleum exploration and production assets in North America for two decades .
During the six months ended December 31 , 2015 , TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . invested approximately $ 160 million in cash for a minority equity interest in DraftKings , Inc. ( DraftKings ) , a leading operator of online fantasy games and contests .
Henry Hank Nance . Effective as of December 31 , 2014 , Boxlight Corp entered into an employment agreement with Henry Hank Nance , expiring December 31 , 2017 , Under the terms of his agreement Mr. Nance will serve as Boxlight Corp President and Chief Operating Officer reporting to Boxlight Corp board of directors .
Gilbert , Arizona On April 5 , 2017 , one of Strategic Storage Growth Trust , Inc. subsidiaries executed a purchase and sale agreement with an unaffiliated third party for the acquisition of property that is being developed into a self storage facility located in Gilbert , AZ ( the Riggs Road Property ) .
From January 2010 to December 2011 , Ms. Cui served as the general manager of Xianyang Forestry Supply Co , Ltd , a PRC - based company focuses on the sale of rosin and forest seedling .
Joseph E. Miller Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
Mr. Battles qualifications and experience include more than 30 years of executive bank management experience , including serving as chief credit officer and head of corporate lending and managing responsibility for merger and acquisition activity and strategic planning , and allow him to provide critical insight and leadership on CENTRUE FINANCIAL CORP s highest level operating and strategic business decisions .
Dr. Malone and Mr. Steven Miron , each a member of Charter s board of directors , also serve on the board of directors of Discovery Communications , Inc , ( Discovery ) and CCO HOLDINGS CAPITAL CORP is aware that Dr. Malone owns 5.2 % in the aggregate of the common stock of Discovery and has a 28.7 % voting interest in Discovery for the election of directors .
Wilfred N. Cooper , Sr . Wilfred N. Cooper , Sr . Chairman of the Board of WNC Associates , Inc.
On November 30 , 2016 , Digital Power formed Digital Power Lending , LLC , a wholly - owned subsidiary ( DP Lending ) .
Exhibit 32.3 The undersigned , Daniel Draper , Principal Executive Officer of Invesco PowerShares Capital Management LLC , the Managing Owner of PowerShares DB US Dollar Index Trust ( the Trust ) , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
The following summary of DNA Testing Centers Corp results of operations should be read in conjunction with DNA Testing Centers Corp audited financial statements for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 .
The Fund is not sponsored or endorsed by Deutsche Bank AG , Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. or any subsidiary or affiliate of Deutsche Bank AG or Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. ( collectively , Deutsche Bank ) .
From April 2008 until January 2013 , Ms. Bjorck served in various capacities for CEC Entertainment , Inc , an international restaurant chain , including as Deputy General Counsel , Chief Compliance Officer and Corporate Secretary .
On January 19 , 2016 , Ambient Water Corp acting by majority shareholder written consent authorized an additional 1,500,000,000 Common Shares of Ambient Water Corporation bringing the total authorized Common Shares to 2,000,000,000 .
In connection with the annual report of Her Imports ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Barry Hall , Executive Chairman , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Her Imports , certify , to the best of my knowledge and belief , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Evoqua Water Technologies Corp. was incorporated on October 7 , 2013 .
At June 30 , 2017 , SENIOR HOUSING PROPERTIES TRUST investment in RMR Inc. had a fair value of $ 128,310 , resulting in a cumulative unrealized gain of $ 58,484 based on RMR Inc. s quoted share price at June 30 , 2017 ( $ 48.65 per share ) .
Mr. Manning joined Lehman Brothers Merchant Banking in 2000 and was concurrently the Head of Lehman Brothers Investment Management Division , including both the Asset Management and Private Equity businesses , in Asia Pacific from 2006 to 2008 .
The Macquarie Group is headquartered in Sydney , Australia and is a global leader in management of infrastructure investment vehicles on behalf of third - party investors and advising on the acquisition , disposition and financing of infrastructure assets .
As a result of the closing of the 2004 Revlon Exchange Transactions ( as hereinafter defined in Note 20 , Related Party Transactions - Tax Sharing Agreements ) , as of March 25 , 2004 , Revlon , Inc , Products Corporation and their U.S. subsidiaries were no longer included in the affiliated group of which MacAndrews Forbes was the common parent ( the MacAndrews Forbes Group ) for federal income tax purposes .
In exchange for 80 % of the outstanding capital stock of Pelican on a fully diluted basis , HEAT BIOLOGICS , INC . paid to the Pelican Stockholders that executed the Stock Purchase Agreement ( the Participating Pelican Stockholders ) an aggregate of $ 500,000 ( the Cash Consideration ) , and issued to the Participating Pelican Stockholders 1,331,056 shares of HEAT BIOLOGICS , INC . s restricted common stock representing 4.99 % of the outstanding shares of HEAT BIOLOGICS , INC . common stock on the date of the initial execution of the Purchase Agreement ( the Stock Consideration ) .
Lawrence B. Prior III Lawrence B. Prior III President and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) and Director /s/
On March 28 , 2006 , SCIENTIFIC ENERGY INC set up a wholly - owned subsidiary , PDI Global Limited ( PDI ) , which was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands in order to engage in a business of e - commerce platform .
Prior to this , Mr. Miller served as Director and a Senior Director within LANTRONIX INC Engineering Department .
POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . operate POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . business , including all of POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . production and manufacturing processes , out of facilities that are located in West Suburban Illinois , Darien , Wisconsin and Madison Heights , Michigan .
In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10 - K of NorthWest Indiana Bancorp ( the Company ) for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , each of David A. Bochnowski , Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of NORTHWEST INDIANA BANCORP , and Robert T. Lowry , Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of NORTHWEST INDIANA BANCORP , hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Restricted Stock Agreement On June 11 , 2014 , Steadfast Income REIT , Inc. entered into a restricted stock agreement with the Advisor whereby Steadfast Income REIT , Inc. issued to the Advisor 488,281.25 restricted shares of Steadfast Income REIT , Inc. s common stock at a fair market value of $ 10.24 per share in satisfaction of certain deferred fees due to the Advisor in the aggregate amount of $ 5,000,000 .
MORGAN STANLEY and MORGAN STANLEY U.S. Bank Subsidiaries are subject to the LCR requirements issued by U.S. banking regulators ( U.S. LCR ) , which are based on the Basel Committee s LCR , including a requirement to calculate each entity s U.S. LCR on each business day .
Mr. Talari has been the Chief Executive Officer of FutureWorld Energy , Inc. since November 21 , 2005 .
NHC was incorporated in Delaware on January 22 , 2013 and has had limited operations to date .
Mr. Rallis also serves on the boards of Fennec Pharmaceuticals Inc , a publicly - held biopharmaceutical company located in Research Triangle Park , NC and Tenax Therapeutics , Inc , a publicly - held biopharmaceutical company located in Morrisville , NC .
The holders of Holdings Units , including Planet Fitness , Inc. and its subsidiaries , will incur U.S. federal , state and local income taxes on their allocable share ( determined under relevant tax rules ) of any taxable income of Pla - Fit Holdings .
The Allbritton Companies owned and operated nine television stations in the following seven markets , all of which were affiliated with ABC : Washington , DC ; Birmingham , AL ; Harrisburg , PA ; Little Rock / Pine Bluff , AR ; Tulsa , OK ; Roanoke / Lynchburg , VA ; and Charleston , SC .
WL Ross Holding Corp. entire activity from March 24 , 2014 to December 31 , 2014 was the identification of a target company for an initial Business Combination .
On June 30 , 2016 , Ball acquired 100 percent of the outstanding shares of Rexam , a U.K. based beverage container manufacturer and concurrently sold a portion of Ball s existing beverage packaging businesses and select beverage can assets of Rexam ( the Divestment Business ) .
During the quarter ended January 31 , 2017 , the Valuation Committee increased the fair value of MVC CAPITAL , INC . s investments in : Advantage Insurance Holdings LTD ( Advantage ) preferred stock by approximately $ 136,000 , Centile Holdings B.V. ( Centile ) equity interest by $ 340,000 , Dukane IAS , LLC ( Dukane ) loan by approximately $ 71,000 , Legal Solutions Holdings , Inc. ( Legal Solutions ) loan by approximately $ 112,000 , Morey s Seafood International , LLC ( Morey s ) loan by approximately $ 462,000 , Pride Engineering , LLC ( Pride ) loan by approximately $ 51,000 , Quantum Plastics , LLC ( Quantum ) loan by approximately $ 323,000 and warrant by approximately $ 1.0 million , Security Holdings equity interest by approximately $ 1.5 million , MVC Private Equity Fund L.P. general partnership interest and limited partnership interest in the PE Fund by a total of approximately $ 99,000 .
As of December 3 1 , 2015 , Dr. David M. Goldenberg , IMMUNOMEDICS INC Chairman of the Board , Chief Scientific Officer and Chief Patent Officer , together with certain members of his family , including Ms. Cynthia L. Sullivan , IMMUNOMEDICS INC President and Chief Executive Officer , who is Dr. Goldenberg s wife , and other affiliates , controlled the right to vote approximately 8 % of IMMUNOMEDICS INC outstanding common stock and approximately 7 % of IMMUNOMEDICS INC fully diluted common stock .
Kevin J. Kilstrom has served as Senior Vice President of Production of Midstream Management since January 2016 , prior to which he served as Vice President of Production of Midstream Management beginning in February 2014 .
HST Global , Inc. ( the Company ) was incorporated on April 11 , 1984 under the laws of the State of Delaware under the name of NT Holding Corporation .
Succession of Chief Executive Officer On July 7 , 2015 , SunOpta Inc. announced the appointment of Hendrik Jacobs , SunOpta Inc. former President and Chief Operating Officer , to President and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) , effective October 1 , 2015 .
FLEETCOR TECHNOLOGIES INC transaction volume is correlated with general economic conditions , particularly in the United States , Europe , Russia , Latin America , Australia and New Zealand , and the amount of business activity in economies in which FLEETCOR TECHNOLOGIES INC operate .
In addition , on April 12 , 2012 , the MDPSC issued an order directing the Maryland electric utilities to enter into a 20 - year contract for differences ( CfD ) with CPV Maryland , LLC ( CPV ) , under which CPV was required to construct an approximately 700 MW combined cycle gas turbine in Waldorf , Maryland .
Due to the acquisition of ClosetMaid occurring subsequent to Griffon 's fiscal year end , ClosetMaid 's results of operations , assets and liabilities were not included in Griffon 's 2017 financial results or 2017 year - end balance sheet .
Highlights Total revenue increased 17.1 % to $ 392.5 million , while Medidata Solutions , Inc. increased Medidata Solutions , Inc. spending on research and development as a percentage of revenue by 2.1 percentage points and increased Medidata Solutions , Inc. sales and marketing spending as a percentage of revenue by 1.4 percentage points .
SECOND SIGHT MEDICAL PRODUCTS INC began selling SECOND SIGHT MEDICAL PRODUCTS INC products in Europe in 2011 , Saudi Arabia in 2012 , the United States and Canada in 2014 , Turkey in 2015 , Russia , South Korea and Taiwan in 2017 .
Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock is subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC and the trading market in the securities is limited , which makes transactions in the stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in the stock .
AMC ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS , INC . sold 14,800,000 NCM , Inc. shares during the three months ended September 30 , 2017 and has satisfied the DOJ divestiture requirements related to NCM dispositions for calendar 2017 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of TESARO , Inc , or TESARO , Inc , on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Timothy R. Pearson , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TESARO , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ,
In September 2013 , Cytosorbents Corp entered into a strategic partnership with Biocon , Ltd , India s largest biotech company , with an initial distribution agreement for India and select emerging markets , under which Biocon has the exclusive commercialization rights for CytoSorb initially focused on sepsis .
RSE was incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 16 , 2009 .
Although CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT believe CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT tax positions comply with applicable law , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT have made judgments as to the sustainability of each uncertain tax position based on its technical merits .
As such , the Company ( i ) paid Mr. Dahya a fee of $ 5,000 for his service as the Chairperson of the Audit Committee for such period and each of Messrs. Compton , Stark and Fong a fee of $ 1,875 for their respective service as members of the Audit Committee for such period , ( ii ) paid Mr. Hall a fee of $ 3,750 for his service as the Chairperson of the Corporate Governance and Conflicts Committee for such period and each of Ms. Fox and Messrs. Fong , Pauker and Rosenberg a fee of $ 1,250 for their respective service as members of the Corporate Governance and Conflicts Committee for such period and ( iii ) paid Mr. Stark a fee of $ 3,125 for his service as the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee for such period and each of Messrs. Hall and Compton a fee of $ 1,250 for their respective service as members of the Compensation Committee for such period .
SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO operations in South America and SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO natural gas distribution utility in Mexico use their local currency as their functional currency .
Theodore H. Bunting , Jr. Theodore H. Bunting , Jr. Chairman of the Board , President , and Chief Executive Officer of System Energy Resources , Inc.
As a percentage of revenues , gross profit for the year ended January 3 , 2015 was 11.1 % compared to 10.2 % for the year ended December 28 , 2013 , an increase of 0.9 % , which reflected the effect of higher margins on organic ingredient sales in the U.S. and Europe ; improved performance in SunOpta Inc. sunflower operations ; and an increased contribution from higher margin aseptic beverage products .
As a result , SEARS HOLDINGS CORP fourth quarter operating results significantly impact SEARS HOLDINGS CORP annual operating results .
The vast majority of the cases in the United States , along with multiple cases filed against The NASDAQ OMX Group , Inc. and The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ( collectively referred to herein as NASDAQ ) alleging technical and other trading - related errors by NASDAQ in connection with Facebook Inc IPO , were ordered centralized for coordinated or consolidated pre - trial proceedings in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York .
Also on December 28 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. entered into separate note purchase agreements with Michael Brauser , Intracoastal Capital LLC and the Honig affiliate relating to the issuance and sale of an aggregate of $ 605,000 in principal amount of original issue discount convertible notes ( the Notes ) for an aggregate purchase price of $ 550,000 .
Pioneer Power Solutions , Inc. 10 - K. Execution copy First Amending Agreement This First Amending Agreement ( herein , the Amendment ) is entered into as of March 15 , 2017 by and among Pioneer Power Solutions , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( the Borrower ) , the direct and indirect Domestic Subsidiaries of the Borrower party hereto , as Guarantors , and Bank of Montreal , a Canadian chartered bank acting through its Chicago branch ( the Bank ) .
If Viacom Inc. or Viacom terminates your employment during the twelve ( 12 ) month period commencing with the last day of the Contract Period while you are an employee at - will , Viacom Inc. shall continue to pay your Salary ( at the rate in effect on the date of termination ) at the same time and in the same manner as if you had not terminated employment for the balance , if any , of such twelve ( 12 ) month period ; provided , however , that ( i ) you shall not be entitled to such Salary continuation if Viacom Inc. terminates your employment for reasons constituting Cause and ( ii ) any such Salary continuation shall be subject to offset as set forth in paragraph 11(e ) above , without giving effect to the twelve ( 12 ) month period referenced therein .
Additionally , because Mr. Carbona was serving as AveXis , Inc. 's chief executive officer at the time , AveXis , Inc. recognized stock - based compensation expense ( see Note 10 ) , in connection with Mr. Carbona 's Exchange Agreement .
This cash used by operating activities in 2015 reflects FBR & Co. net operating loss for the year and a $ 21.1 million decrease in FBR & Co. accrued compensation , partially offset by a net decrease in FBR & Co. trading desk positions .
COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL , INC are highly dependent upon the services of COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL , INC key personnel , including COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL , INC President and Chief Executive Officer , Michael T. Heffernan , COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL , INC Chief Financial Officer , Paul Brannelly , COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL , INC Chief Commercial Officer , Barry Duke and COLLEGIUM PHARMACEUTICAL , INC Chief Technology Officer , Alison Fleming , PhD.
ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF BUSINESS Addentax Group Corp. ( the Company , ADDENTAX GROUP CORP , us or our ) was incorporated in Nevada on October 28 , 2014 , and ADDENTAX GROUP CORP . is working in the field of producing images on multiple surfaces using heat transfer technology .
In connection with any application for marketing approval in the United States , uniQure N.V. will be required to conduct comparability studies assessing product manufactured at uniQure N.V. facility in Amsterdam with product to be manufactured at uniQure N.V. new facility in Lexington , Massachusetts .
DONALDSON CO INC uses forward exchange contracts and other hedging activities to hedge the U.S. dollar value resulting from existing recognized foreign currency denominated asset and liability balances and also for anticipated foreign currency transactions .
Unrealized loss on investment in Ashford Inc. of $ 7.6 million represents the fair value adjustment during 2015 on Ashford Hospitality Prime , Inc. investment in Ashford Inc. that was acquired in July 2015 .
Revolving Credit Facility , is expected to be sufficient for Bain Capital Specialty Finance , Inc. investing activities and to conduct Bain Capital Specialty Finance , Inc. operations for at least the next twelve months .
PayOnline primarily operates in Russia and CIS .
In June of 2015 , INFRAX SYSTEMS , INC . sold its 70 % controlling interest in Lockwood Technology Corporation to Sam Talari , INFRAX SYSTEMS , INC . 's Chairman in exchange for approximately $ 735,000 of accrued compensation and related party debt payable to Mr. Talari .
J. Kevin Gilligan joined CAPELLA EDUCATION CO company in 2009 to serve as CAPELLA EDUCATION CO Chief Executive Officer and a member of CAPELLA EDUCATION CO board of directors .
Due to the foregoing , DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS INC financial results for the year ended December 31 , 2016 are not comparable to DASAN ZHONE SOLUTIONS INC financial results for prior years .
Date : April 26 , 2017 Peter B. Oleksiak Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of DTE Electric Company .
Robert L. Cashman , President and Chief Executive Officer of Service Team Inc , supplies office space for the executive office of Service Team Inc. at no charge .
Mr. Kinnaird received a B.S. in Chemistry and an Executive M.B.A , both from the University of Pittsburgh .
The Exchange Agreement , as amended June 6 , 2012 , provides that Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. may facilitate the redemption by Holdings of interests held by its members through the issuance of shares of common stock through a public offering in exchange for the interests in IBG LLC being redeemed by Holdings .
MOSAIC CO Louisiana operations are served by truck and barge from nearby refineries .
Third Amended and Restated Intercreditor and Collateral Agency Agreement , dated as of March 11 , 2010 , among CUSA , as administrative agent for certain bank lenders , U.S. Bank National Association , as trustee for certain noteholders , CUSA , as collateral agent for the secured parties , Revlon , Inc , Products Corporation and certain domestic subsidiaries of Products Corporation ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Products Corporation March 16 , 2010
On January 31 , 2017 , AUTHENTIDATE HOLDING CORP terminated its employment of Thomas P. Leahey , who had served as AUTHENTIDATE HOLDING CORP s interim chief financial officer , treasurer and principal accounting officer since March 3 , 2016 , effective immediately .
Prior to joining Carlyle in 1995 , Mr. Youngkin was a management consultant with McKinsey Company and he also previously worked in the investment banking group at CS First Boston .
In connection with the waiver , Colony NorthStar , Inc. agreed that for all matters submitted to a vote of NRE s stockholders , to the extent Colony NorthStar , Inc. owns more than 25 % of NRE s common stock , Colony NorthStar , Inc. will vote the excess shares in the same proportion that the remaining NRE shares not owned by Colony NorthStar , Inc. are voted .
Mr. Tenzer graduated from Cornell University , where he was awarded his BA degree , in 1953 , and from NYU Law School , where he earned his LLB , in 1956 .
First Amendment to AN Supply Agreement , dated effective March 1 , 2010 , between El Dorado Chemical Company and Orica International Pte Ltd. Exhibit 10.28 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 10 - K filed March 8 , 2010 .
LSB INDUSTRIES INC manufacture and distribute LSB INDUSTRIES INC products in four facilities ; three of which LSB INDUSTRIES INC own and are located in El Dorado , Arkansas ( the El Dorado Facility Cherokee , Alabama ( the Cherokee Facility and Pryor , Oklahoma ( the Pryor Facility and one of which LSB INDUSTRIES INC operate on behalf of a global chemical company in Baytown , Texas ( the Baytown Facility ) .
On July 25 , 2013 , CV Sciences , Inc. s predecessor , CannaVest Corp , a Texas corporation ( CannaVest Texas ) , merged with CV Sciences , Inc , a wholly - owned Delaware subsidiary of CannaVest Texas , to effectuate a change in CV Sciences , Inc. s state of incorporation from Texas to Delaware .
On December 30 , 2015 , Provision Holding , Inc. entered into a Purchase Agreement with Curt Thornton , Provision Holding , Inc. s President and Chief Executive Officer for the sale of 1,000 shares of Super Voting Preferred Stock Series A for $ 0.10 per share and the closing price of Provision Holding , Inc. s Common Stock was $ 0.08 per share , as reported on the Over - the - Counter Markets ( OTCQB ) on the date prior to the date the Board approved the transaction .
Pursuant to the new employment agreement with Rockwell Collins , Mr. Lieberherr will serve as an Executive Vice President of Rockwell Collins and Chief Operating Officer of Rockwell Collins aircraft interior systems business unit for an indefinite employment term .
Results of Operations Comparison of Years Ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 The following table summarizes Ignyta , Inc. results of operations for 2016 and 2015 , together with the changes in those items in dollars and as a percentage ( in thousands , except percentage changes ): Research and Development Expense . Research and development , or R D , expenses increased by $ 3.4 million during 2016 as compared to 2015 , an increase of 5 % .
In March 2016 , Nobilis Health Corp. acquired a 58 % interest in Athelite Holdings LLC ( " Athelite " ) , a holding company with a 70 % interest in Dallas Metro Surgery Center LLC ( " Dallas Metro " ) , a company formed to provide management services to a Hospital Outpatient Department ( HOPD ) .
Petrogress , Inc. s main operations are managed by an experienced team , located in Piraeus , Greece .
Thomas C. Owens , 52 Trustmark National Bank Executive Vice President and Bank Treasurer since September 2013 Webster Financial Corporation Waterbury , Connecticut Assistant Treasurer Asset Liability Management from 2008 to September 2013 Douglas H. Ralston , 52 Trustmark National Bank President Wealth Management since November 2009 President Trustmark Investment Advisors since June 2002 W. Arthur Stevens , 52 Trustmark National Bank President Retail Banking since September 2011 Breck W. Tyler , 58 Trustmark National Bank President Mortgage Services since March 2012 Executive Vice President and Mortgage Services Manager from June 2006 to March 2012 C. Scott Woods , 60 Trustmark National Bank President Insurance Services since March 2012 Executive Vice President and Insurance Services Manager from June 2006 to March 2012 .
Net cash used in investing activities of $ 21.3 million for the fiscal year 2015 was primarily attributable to $ 21.5 million purchase of property and equipment to increase ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR Ltd in - house production capacity , partially offset by $ 0.3 million proceeds from sale of certain equipment .
Car Charging Group , Inc. settled with Sheetz in principal on February 10 , 2017 with the formal documentation being signed on March 1 , 2017 .
In connection with the transaction , SCS , Tullow and Dana entered into a Joint Operating Agreement Novation and Amendment Agreement reflecting that as a result of the sale to Tullow , the interest of the parties in the Concession are SCS 37 % , Dana 23 % , and Tullow 40 % , and Tullow agreed to be bound by the PSC and the Joint Operating Agreement previously entered into between SCS and Dana .
Additionally , although Westbury Bancorp , Inc. operations are not focused in Milwaukee County , Westbury Bancorp , Inc. are affected by conditions in Milwaukee County because Westbury Bancorp , Inc. loan portfolio includes a significant number of loans that are secured by real estate or that have borrowers located in Milwaukee County .
Facility lease revenue from ValleyNet was approximately $ 4.7 million , $ 5.0 million and $ 4.7 million in the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , respectively , which is presented in Lumos Networks Corp. s data segment revenue .
Mr. Kevin Frija was appointed on June 5 , 2015 as the chief executive officer , president , chairman of the board of directors , and a director of VPR Brands , LP .
LinnCo , LLC shareholders will only be able to indirectly vote on matters in which LINN Energy unitholders are entitled to vote , and LinnCo , LLC shareholders are not entitled to vote to elect LinnCo , LLC directors .
JOHN F. MILLIGAN John F. Milligan , Ph.D. President and Chief Executive Officer .
CYBEROPTICS CORP development and assembly operations in Singapore , and CYBEROPTICS CORP sales operations in Asia , are subject to unique risks because of the remote nature of the operations .
Effective January 1 , 2014 , MRO began leasing its employees from the Company ; effective September 1 , 2015 , SPINDLETOP OIL & GAS CO terminated the employment of the employees leased to MRO when MRO shut down its operations .
YUMMIES , INC , ( hereinafter " The Company " ) was originally incorporated on June 11 , 1998 , pursuant to the Nevada Business Corporation Act .
GoDaddy Inc. refer to Robert R. Parsons , the sole beneficial owner of YAM , GoDaddy Inc. founder and a member of GoDaddy Inc. board of directors , as Bob Parsons . iii .
if , under certain circumstances , Delta has a right to terminate the SkyWest Airlines Delta Connection Agreement ; .
no longer bears the costs of such external development activities ; Management Inc. now charges such costs to Development LLC , which is not a subsidiary of either WEC ENERGY GROUP , INC . or Management , Inc. WEC ENERGY GROUP , INC . incurred $ 5.6 million in 2015 and $ 4.7 million in 2014 for such costs which were not recovered through WEC ENERGY GROUP , INC . s rate formula .
Bruker Nano Group revenue decreased by $ 38.5 million to $ 459.8 million for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , compared to $ 498.3 million for the year ended December 31 , 2014 .
Accumulated Other Comprehensive Earnings ( Loss ) The after - tax components of GALLAGHER ARTHUR J & CO accumulated other comprehensive earnings ( loss ) attributable to controlling interests consist of the following : The foreign currency translation during the nine - month period ended September 30 , 2017 primarily relates to the net impact of changes in the value of the local currencies relative to the U.S. dollar for GALLAGHER ARTHUR J & CO operations in Australia , Canada , the Caribbean , India , New Zealand and the U.K. During the nine - month periods ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , $ 4.1 million and $ 4.1 million , respectively , of expense related to the pension liability was reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive earnings ( loss ) to compensation expense in the statement of earnings .
The following analysis presents the effect on Atlas Energy Group , LLC results of operations , cash flows and financial position as if the hypothetical changes in market risk factors occurred on September 30 , 2017 .
On April 29 , 2015 , the Partnership purchased an additional 2.7 % newly - issued limited partner interest in OpCo for approximately $ 135,341 , resulting in an aggregate 13.3 % limited partner interest in OpCo effective April 1 , 2015 .
Dr. Leatt further agreed to continue dedicating a majority of his time on matters related to performance of his duties as a director of Leatt Corp and to the fulfillment of his obligations to Leatt Corp s research and development efforts under the Consulting Agreement , and Leatt Corp will have the right to adjust the amount of the fees payable under the Consulting Agreement to the extent of any substantial diminution in his fulfillment of such duties and obligations .
In the event that temperatures during the typically warmer months are cooler than normal , or if there is more rainfall than normal , the demand for CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT water may decrease and adversely affect CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT revenues .
Due to the rescission of FSF and the remarketing of the Greenlife product line Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. evaluated the book value of the asset and elected to impair the Goodwill value of Greenlife and expensed the $ 2,300,000 book value in the three months ended June 30 , 2015 .
Novartis In August 2015 , AVEO PHARMACEUTICALS INC entered into a license agreement with Novartis .
During 2013 , CENTENE CORP investing activities primarily related to additions to the investment portfolio of CENTENE CORP regulated subsidiaries , including transfers from cash and cash equivalents to long term investments , the acquisition of AcariaHealth and capital expenditures .
Rental revenue from BOSTON PROPERTIES LTD PARTNERSHIP leases increased approximately $ 22.6 million as a result of BOSTON PROPERTIES LTD PARTNERSHIP average revenue per square foot increasing by approximately $ 2.50 , which contributed approximately $ 21.7 million , and an approximately $ 0.9 million increase due to BOSTON PROPERTIES LTD PARTNERSHIP average occupancy increasing from 91.70 % to 91.74 % .
LA - Z - BOY INC effective tax rate varies from the 35 % statutory rate primarily due to state taxes , less the benefit of the U.S. manufacturing deduction and foreign earnings in jurisdictions with lower tax rates than the U.S. Liquidity and Capital Resources .
The foreign affiliates primarily provide financing and leasing of PACCAR manufactured trucks and related equipment sold through the DAF , Kenworth , and Peterbilt independent dealer networks in Europe , Mexico , Canada and Australia .
Prior to that time , Mr. Pascarelli served in various marketing and system management capacities for Continental Cablevision , Inc , Cablevision Systems and Storer Communications .
This facility line of credit is guaranteed by ( i ) Mr. Tong Shiping , China Auto Logistics Inc s Chairman , President and CEO , ( ii ) Ms. Cheng Weihong , a Director and Senior Vice President of China Auto Logistics Inc , and ( iii )
Gary J. Miller , Ph.D. is a founder and has been Executive Vice President , Research and Development of Exactech since February 2000 .
In making executive compensation recommendations , Messrs. Rady and Warren consider each Named Executive Officer s performance during the year , Antero Midstream Partners LP s performance during the year , as well as comparable company compensation levels and independent oil and gas company compensation surveys .
MICHAEL J. TOKICH Michael J. Tokich Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer . Exhibit .
In connection with the the Quarterly Report of Road Marshall , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Guobao Bai , Principal Financial Officer of Road Marshall , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Except as required by applicable law , including the securities laws of the United States , CHEETAH ENTERPRISES , INC .
Upon information and belief , Andrew Williams is the beneficial owner of the shares held in the name of this entity as VIKING ENERGY GROUP , INC . believes that he has voting power over such shares .
In October 2013 , Dynasil Biomedical formed Xcede Technologies , Inc. ( Xcede ) , a joint venture with Mayo Clinic to spin out and separately fund the development of a tissue sealant technology .
Leane E. Cerven is Executive Vice President , General Counsel , and Corporate Secretary of the Bancorp and the Bank .
Prior to his appointment as SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP 's Vice President of Mortgage Operations and as President of SecurityNational Mortgage , Mr. Johnson served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of SecurityNational Mortgage , positions he had held since 2012 .
The effects of these hostilities and violence on the Israeli economy and Palo Alto Networks Inc operations in Israel are unclear , and Palo Alto Networks Inc can not predict the effect on us of further increases in these hostilities or future armed conflict , political instability or violence in the region .
If this should happen , Net Element , Inc. electronic payments operations conducted in Russia could be scaled back or shut down , which may require additional funding to penetrate or expand alternative electronic payments markets outside of Russia .
In March 2010 , President Obama signed into law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act , as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 , or , collectively , the Affordable Care Act .
The terms of Medovex Corp. agreement with Streamline also required a commitment to supply a minimum of $ 750,000 in working capital to Streamline , which is in the business of designing , developing , manufacturing and marketing 510(k ) and 510(k ) exempt products for use in the medical field .
Concurrently , Mrs. Melamed resigned from all positions within RoxSan , and Mr. J. Michael Redmond was appointed RoxSan 's President and Chief Executive Officer , and Ms. Calli Bucci its Chief Financial Officer .
Property Portfolio As of December 31 , 2016 , EQUITY LIFESTYLE PROPERTIES INC owned or had an ownership interest in a portfolio of 391 Properties located throughout the United States and British Columbia containing 146,610 residential Sites .
In June 2014 , Net Element , Inc , as plaintiff , commenced an action in the Miami - Dade Circuit Court , Florida against Gene Zell for defamation of Net Element , Inc. Company and CEO and tortious interference with Net Element , Inc. business relationships .
John G. Sample , Jr. Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
Further , AMERICAN AXLE & MANUFACTURING HOLDINGS INC have not included pro forma revenue and earnings for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and March 31 , 2016 as the inclusion of USM Mexico would be insignificant to AAM 's consolidated results for these periods .
Report on Assessment of Compliance with Regulation AB Item 1123 Pursuant to Item 1123 of Regulation AB , a review of the TransCentra s activities during the year ended December 31 , 2015 ( the Reporting Period ) and of its performance under the servicing agreement between TransCentra and American Express ( the Servicing Agreement ) has been made under the undersigned officer s supervision .
James H. Gallegos Mr. Gallegos has served as Senior VP , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary since February 2015 .
Before rejoining Southern Company , Ms. Greene previously served at Tennessee Valley Authority in a number of positions , most recently as Executive Vice President and Chief Generation Officer from 2011 through April 2013 , and Group President of Strategy and External Relations from 2010 through 2011 .
HOULIHAN LOKEY , INC . adopted ASU No . 2015 - 16 and it did not have a material impact on HOULIHAN LOKEY , INC . 's operating results and financial position .
At December 31 , 2015 , LinnCo s issued capitalization consisted of approximately $ 3.9 billion in shares and $ 1,000 contributed by LINN Energy in connection with LinnCo s formation and in exchange for its voting share .
When Nalco / Exxon L.P. went through an ownership change in 2000 , ENERTECK CORP founder , Dwaine Reese , formed EnerTeck Sub .
The accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements are unaudited and should be read in conjunction with the fiscal 2017 audited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in TRIUMPH GROUP INC 's Form 10 - K for the year ended March 31 , 2017 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the " SEC " ) on May 24 , 2017 .
NorthWest Indiana Bancorp , an Indiana corporation ( the Bancorp ) , was incorporated on January 31 , 1994 , and is the holding company for Peoples Bank SB , an Indiana savings bank ( the Bank ) .
The assets and liabilities of NUMEREX CORP /PA/ foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars at current exchange rates , and revenues and expenses are translated at the ending exchange rate from the prior period which materially approximates the average exchange rates for each period .
At June 30 , 2017 and September 30 , 2016 , WGSW held a $ 66.7 million and $ 66.1 million , respectively , equity method investment in ASD .
STATE STREET CORP ability to promote a strong culture of risk management , operating controls , compliance oversight , ethical behavior and governance that meets STATE STREET CORP expectations and those of STATE STREET CORP clients and STATE STREET CORP regulators , and the financial , regulatory , reputation and other consequences of STATE STREET CORP failure to meet such expectations ; the impact on STATE STREET CORP compliance and controls enhancement programs of the appointment of a monitor under the deferred prosecution agreement with the DOJ and compliance consultant expected to be appointed under a potential settlement with the SEC , including the potential for such monitor and compliance consultant to require changes to STATE STREET CORP programs or to identify other issues that require substantial expenditures , changes in STATE STREET CORP operations , or payments to clients or reporting to U.S. authorities ; .
Founder , Co - Chief Executive Officer and Director Lawton W. Fitt .
See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II , Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10 - K for more information regarding AVADEL PHARMACEUTICALS PLC investment activities and principal capital expenditures over the last three years .
Mr. Drexler has served as Chairman of MusclePharm Corp Board of Directors since August 26 , 2015 .
On December 12 , 2016 , the Supreme Court declined to hear Amgen v. Apotex , however , on January 13 , 2017 , the Supreme Court granted Apotex leave to file an amicus brief in the Supreme Court s review of the Amgen v. Sandoz decision .
Michael S. Bishop Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer ( Principle Financial Officer and Principle Accounting Officer ) .
In late June 2012 , following the establishment of Cytosorbents Corp European subsidiary , CytoSorbents Europe GmbH , a wholly - owned operating subsidiary of CytoSorbents Corporation , Cytosorbents Corp began the commercial launch of CytoSorb in Germany with the hiring of Dr. Christian Steiner as Vice President of Sales and Marketing and three additional sales representatives who joined us and completed their sales training during the third quarter of 2012 .
Unlike China Jinxin , which ADAMANT DRI PROCESSING & MINERALS GROUP control through the VIE agreements , China Huaxin is directly owned by China Tongda , ADAMANT DRI PROCESSING & MINERALS GROUP wholly owned subsidiary .
Richard Kaiser Richard Kaiser , Interim Chief Financial Officer , Secretary , and Director .
International outdoor business segment includes iHeartCommunications , Inc. operations in Europe and Asia , with approximately 34 % , 34 % and 35 % of iHeartCommunications , Inc. revenue in this segment derived from France and the United Kingdom for the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 .
Phalanx Partners and WS Advantage LP formerly held equity interests in Grove Realty Partners , LLC and Walker Partners , LLC and are currently controlled by Huntwicke Capital Group Inc. s president and are shareholders .
For us to be treated as a foreign corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes under Section 7874 of the Code , either ( 1 ) the former stockholders of Jazz Pharmaceuticals , Inc. must have owned ( within the meaning of Section 7874 of the Code ) less than 80 % ( by both vote and value ) of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc ordinary shares by reason of holding shares in Jazz Pharmaceuticals , Inc. after the Azur Merger ( the ownership test ) , or ( 2 ) Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc must have substantial business activities in Ireland after the Azur Merger ( taking into account the activities of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc expanded affiliated group ) .
Mr. Hance serves as Emeritus Trustee on the Board of Trustees at Washington University in St. Louis and as Chairman of the Board of Trustees at Johnson Wales University in Providence , RI .
Essent Group Ltd. was organized as a limited liability company under the laws of Bermuda on July 1 , 2008 .
As a result of the change from the SICAD II Rate to the SIMADI Rate on March 31 , 2015 , REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP was required to re - measure all of Revlon Venezuela s monetary assets and liabilities at the SIMADI Rate .
On December 16 , 2016 , Uni Line Corp. entered into a share purchase agreement with Porter Group Limited , a Republic of Seychelles company ( PGL ) , and shareholders holding all issued and outstanding shares of PGL ( the PGL Shareholders ) , pursuant to which Uni Line Corp. has agreed to acquire all issued and outstanding shares of PGL ( Share Acquisition ) .
The complaint names as defendants iHeartMedia , Inc , iHeartCommunications , Inc. ( " iHeartCommunications " ) , an indirect subsidiary of iHeartMedia , Inc , Bain Capital Partners , LLC and Thomas H. Lee Partners , L.P. ( together , the " Sponsor Defendants " ) , iHeartMedia , Inc. 's private equity sponsors and majority owners , and the members of CCOH 's board of directors .
Ron W. Haddock , 76 , has served as a director of Alon USA Energy , Inc. since December 2000 .
These circumstances resulted in eHealth , Inc. enrolling a significantly lower number of individuals and families into individual and family health insurance plans , which positively impacted eHealth , Inc. 2016 financial results due to the reduction in marketing and advertising expenses , but will significantly reduce eHealth , Inc. individual and family health insurance membership and commission revenue in 2017 compared to 2016 .
During 2013 Home Treasure Finders , Inc. expanded Home Treasure Finders , Inc. real estate activities to include property management and as of December 31 , 2016 and the date of this report , Home Treasure Finders , Inc. manage 96 rental units and generate net revenue from monthly management fees .
Pasig City 1300 Philippines 40 Chief Executive Officer and President Presentacion A. Coranes 2432 M. Dela Cruz Street Pasay City , Philippines 36 Chief Financial Officer , Chief Accounting Officer , Secretary Treasurer Both Dexter Caliso and Presentaction Coranes have held their offices / positions since inception of Plata and are expected to hold their offices / positions until the first annual meeting of Plata Resources , Inc. shareholders .
Andrew S. Marsh Andrew S. Marsh Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Entergy Mississippi , Inc.
ManpowerGroup Inc. experienced constant currency revenue growth in Mexico , Canada , Argentina , Colombia and Peru of 12.7 % , 5.0 % , 19.6 % , 4.3 % and 7.5 % , respectively ( 9.9 % , 6.1 % , 7.3 % , 8.4 % and 10.8 % , respectively , as reported ) .
In July 2014 , concurrent with the Allbritton acquisition SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC terminated the LMA with WTAT ( FOX ) in Charleston , SC and sold to Cunningham the non - license assets related to this station .
Effective August 28 , 2014 , Mary Wolf , RedStone Literary Agents , Inc. s sole director and officer , resigned as President , Secretary and Treasurer of RedStone Literary Agents , Inc , and James P. Geiskopf was appointed as the President , Secretary , Treasurer , and a director of RedStone Literary Agents , Inc. Also on August 28 , 2014 , pursuant to a transfer agreement dated for reference August 28 , 2014 , Ms. Wolf sold 3,000,000 shares of RedStone Literary Agents , Inc. s common stock to Mr. Geiskopf for total consideration of $ 20,000 .
In addition , Taylor Morrison Home Corp experienced community growth in existing divisions such as West Florida and Austin .
On July 10 , 2015 , Messrs. Michael Heskiaoff and Marc Langenohl , purportedly on behalf of themselves and all others similarly situated , filed suit against DISH DBS CORP subsidiary Sling Media , Inc. ( now known as Sling Media L.L.C , which DISH DBS CORP acquired as a result of the completion of the Share Exchange on February 28 , 2017 ) in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York .
Exhibit 32.1 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ( the Exchange Act ) , and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code ( 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 ) , Bruce C. Cozadd , Chief Executive Officer of Jazz Pharmaceuticals public limited company ( the Company ) , and Matthew P. Young , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc , each hereby certifies that , to the best of his knowledge : .
On August 31 , 2017 , JELD - WEN Holding , Inc. acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Kolder , a leading provider of shower enclosures , closet systems , and related building products in Australia .
Michele Conforti , President and Managing Director , Global Customer Engagement .
Ms. Sullivan joined CSC from ManTech International Corporation , where she served as Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Market Expansion ( 2009 - 2013 ) .
Craig R. Kitchin Chief Financial Officer and Secretary ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
Based on his educational background , professional training and more than 36 years of practical experience in the estimation and evaluation of petroleum reserves , Mr. Paradiso has attained the professional qualifications as a Reserves Estimator and Reserves Auditor set forth in Article III of the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information promulgated by the SPE as of February 19 , 2007 .
If limitations on the availability of spectrum or the cost of making necessary modifications or investments in new technology preclude us from selling SILVER SPRING NETWORKS INC products in markets outside of the United States , SILVER SPRING NETWORKS INC growth , prospects , financial co ndition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected .
UNIT CORP operations are located principally in the United States and are organized in the following three reporting segments : ( 1 ) Oil and Natural Gas , ( 2 ) Contract Drilling , and ( 3 ) Mid - Stream .
NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC U.K. based subsidiary , NTE , has an approved overdraft facility of 300,000 which requires that the aggregate amount of invoiced trade debtors ( net of provisions for bad and doubtful debts and excluding intra - group debtors ) of NTE , not exceeding 90 days old , will not be less than an amount equal to 200 % of the facility .
REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's effective tax rate for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 was approximately equal to the federal statutory rate of 35 % as a result of foreign dividends and earnings taxable in the U.S , as well as state and local taxes that were largely offset by the effect of certain favorable discrete items .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Ambient Water Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Keith White , Chief Financial Officer of Ambient Water Corp , certify , pursuant to 81 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Relevant transactions of PowerShares DB Multi - Sector Commodity Trust subsidiary Postbank are included in these figures .
On February 1 , 2016 , Marijuana Co of America , Inc. formed MCOA CA , Inc , a California corporation as a wholly owned subsidiary to facilitate mergers , acquisitions and the offering of investments or loans to Marijuana Co of America , Inc.
Phillip J. Ahn . Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer .
In August 2013 , in connection with the Colomer Acquisition , Products Corporation entered into an incremental amendment ( the " Incremental Amendment " ) resulting in the Amended Term Loan Agreement with Citibank , N.A , JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A , Bank of America , N.A , Credit Suisse AG , Cayman Islands Branch , Wells Fargo Bank , N.A. and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch ( collectively , the " Initial Acquisition Lenders " ) and CUSA , as administrative agent and collateral agent , pursuant to which the Initial Acquisition Lenders committed to provide up to $ 700 million of term loans under the Amended Term Loan Agreement ( the " Acquisition Term Loan " ) .
The following table reconciles General Motors Co effective tax rate under U.S. GAAP to ETR - adjusted : .
Note 4 : Income Taxes In determining the quarterly provisions for income taxes , TRAVELZOO INC uses an estimated annual effective tax rate , which is generally based on TRAVELZOO INC expected annual income and statutory tax rates in the U.S , Canada , Japan , Hong Kong , and the U.K. For the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , TRAVELZOO INC 's effective tax rate was 58 % and 38 % , respectively .
During fiscal 2015 , MARCUS CORP settled an examination by the Internal Revenue Service of its income tax return for the year ended May 31 , 2012 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of IDT Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended October 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Marcelo Fischer , Senior Vice President of Finance of IDT CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to my knowledge : .
Robert H. ( Bobby ) Mathewes , Jr , 49 , was a founder and has served as executive vice president since TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC formation and currently serves as Chief Community Banker .
DUCOMMUN INC /DE/ restructuring activities for 2016 and 2015 were as follows ( in thousands ): .
On March 4 , 2016 the closing price of Cytosorbents Corp common stock , as reported on The NASDAQ Capital Market , was $ 4.72 .
NOTE 1 Organization and Description of the Business The Company Financial Engines , Inc. ( the Company ) was incorporated on May 13 , 1996 under the laws of the State of California and is headquartered in Sunnyvale , California .
For more information , please refer to the applicable disclosures in AMERICAN VANGUARD CORP s Form 10 - K filed with the SEC for the year ended December 31 , 2016 and AMERICAN VANGUARD CORP s Form 8 - K filed with the SEC on or about July 6 , 2017 .
BRUKER CORP continued to execute on a restructuring initiative launched in 2016 which is intended to improve the Bruker CALID and Bruker Nano Groups operating results .
Optron is located in Canoga Park , California and Overhoff is located in Milford , Ohio .
American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III , Inc. was also party to a transfer agency agreement with ANST , a subsidiary of RCAP , pursuant to which ANST provided American Realty Capital Healthcare Trust III , Inc. with transfer agency services ( including broker and stockholder servicing , transaction processing , year - end IRS reporting and other services ) , and supervisory services overseeing the transfer agency services performed by DST Systems , Inc , a third - party transfer agent ( " DST " ) .
Equity in earnings of unconsolidated investees represents 8point3 Energy Partners LP proportionate share of the earnings and losses from SG2 Holdings , North Star Holdings , Lost Hills Blackwell Holdings and Henrietta Holdings .
Through a series of contractual arrangements , YOD WFOE , the subsidiary of YOD Hong Kong , controls Sinotop Beijing , a corporation established in the PRC .
In Mr. Martinez s capacity as Executive Chairman of the Board , for Fiscal 2016 , he received ( in addition to the Non - Associate Director RSU Retainer and the Non - Executive Chairman RSU Retainer ) , an additional annual grant of RSUs , with the market value of the underlying shares of Common Stock on the grant date being $ 1,875,000 ( the Original Executive Chairman RSU Retainer ) .
For calendar year 2014 , you will be eligible to receive a pro - rated target bonus in the amount of two hundred - twenty five thousand dollars ( $ 225,000 ) , and the precise amount of the bonus to be paid will be based on Everyday Health , Inc. s 2014 revenue and Adjusted EBITDA results relative to the Board - approved budget .
As of December 31 , 2016 and December 31 , 2015 , TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp. off - balance .
Julia A. Newton President and Chief Executive Officer .
Also on December 28 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. issued Ms. Carlise options to purchase up to 500,000 shares of common stock and issued Hector Delgado , a director of Orbital Tracking Corp , options to purchase up to 200,000 shares of common stock .
The Amended Notes were held by the Investors , which included entities controlled by FORM Holdings Corp. s board member , Richard Abbe , who joined FORM Holdings Corp. s Board of Directors in March 2016 .
Bulk oil sales , which represent the sale of crude oil purchased primarily for blending at Oasis Petroleum Inc. crude oil terminal that began in late 2016 , increased $ 19.3 million to $ 21.2 million for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 as compared to the three months ended September 30 , 2016 .
U.S. Interactive social gaming subsidiaries Hellenic Lotteries Hellenic Lotteries S.A. International Terminal Leasing KPIs Key Performance Indicators licensed betting office Lotterie Nazionali S.r.l . Net win coin - in less payouts Non - Guarantor Subsidiaries refers to SGC s U.S. subsidiaries that are not Guarantor Subsidiaries and SGC s foreign subsidiaries Northstar Illinois Northstar Lottery Group , LLC Northstar New Jersey Northstar New Jersey Lottery Group , LLC Note refers to a note in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q , unless otherwise indicated Participation with respect to SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORP Gaming business , refers to gaming machines provided to customers through service or leasing arrangements in which SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORP earn revenues and are paid based on : ( 1 ) a percentage of Net win ; ( 2 ) fixed daily - fees ; ( 3 ) a percentage of the Coin - in ; or ( 4 ) a combination of a fixed daily - fee and a percentage of the Coin - in , and with respect to SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORP Lottery business , refers to a contract or arrangement in which SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORP earn revenues and are paid based on a percentage of retail sales private management agreement price - per - unit proprietary table games research and development Roberts Communications Network , LLC request for proposal real - money gaming .
Also , during the year ended March 31 , 2017 , SPRINT Corp had increased interest payments of $ 254 million primarily due to the Network Equipment Sale - Leaseback , the unsecured financing facility , the Spectrum Financing transaction and the Receivables Facility .
Illumina may terminate the agreement : if Natera , Inc. materially breach the agreement and fail to cure such breach within 30 days after receiving written notice of such breach , and only after complying with additional notice provisions ; if Natera , Inc. become the subject of certain bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings or in connection with certain changes of control of Natera .
Certifications of Kenneth H. Globus , President and Principal Executive Officer of UNITED GUARDIAN INC , and Robert S. Rubinger , Chief Financial Officer of UNITED GUARDIAN INC , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
GOOGLE INC . current stock ownership guidelines are : ( i ) Larry , Sergey and Eric shall each own Alphabet stock worth at least $ 14.0 million ; ( ii ) Sundar and each executive officer shall own Alphabet stock worth at least $ 4.0 million ; and ( iii ) each director shall own Alphabet stock worth at least $ 750,000 .
DENBURY RESOURCES INC acquired DENBURY RESOURCES INC initial interest in CCA as part of the Encore merger in 2010 and acquired additional interests ( the CCA Acquisition ) from a wholly - owned subsidiary of ConocoPhillips in the first quarter of 2013 for $ 1.0 billion , adding 42.2 MMBOE of incremental proved reserves at that date .
Assuming a hypothetical increase of one percentage point in interest rates on HERTZ CORP debt portfolio and cash equivalents and investments as of December 31 , 2016 , HERTZ CORP pre - tax operating results would decrease by an estimated $ 49 million over a twelve - month period .
In connection with the Amended Agreement , on September 22 , 2014 , ACF entered into an amendment to that certain Subordination Agreement , dated as of August 7 , 2013 ( as amended , the Subordination Agreement ) , by and among ACF , as successor - in - interest to Keltic , and certain junior lenders to the Company ; neither Castle Brands Inc nor CB - USA is a party to the Subordination Agreement .
In May 2015 , warrants issued in connection with the purchase of three sinus irrigation tool patents from Medilyfe Inc. in March 2009 were fully exercised for 43,750 shares of Intersect ENT , Inc. s common stock at $ 1.00 per share .
Neff Corp could remain an " emerging growth company " through December 31 , 2019 or until the earliest of ( a ) the last day of the first fiscal year in which Neff Corp annual gross revenues exceed $ 1 billion , ( b ) the date that Neff Corp become a " large accelerated filer " as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act , which would occur if the market value of Neff Corp common stock that is held by .
At December 31 , 2015 , and December 31 , 2014 , the majority of LinnCo , LLC s temporary differences and associated deferred taxes result from its investment in LINN Energy .
Iridium Communications Inc. currently pays 100 % of each invoice received from Thales from cash and marketable securities on hand or the issuance of a bill of exchange , a French law instrument of indebtedness similar to a promissory note .
Iryna Kologrim Name : Iryna Kologrim Title : President , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and Treasurer ( Principal executive officer and principal financial officer .
The decrease was primarily due to $ 0.8 million decrease in salaries and benefits and $ 0.2 million decrease in rental expense as compared to the three months ended December 31 , Research and Development Expenses .
Since LinnCo , LLC pay LinnCo , LLC dividend from the receipt of cash distributions from LINN Energy , LinnCo , LLC will not pay a dividend while LINN Energy s distributions are suspended and LinnCo , LLC will have no cash flow available to fund any expenses or costs not covered by LINN Energy .
Directors , Executive Officers , and Corporate Governance Executive Officers and Other Significant Employees Jeffrey J. Brown Chief Executive Officer of Ally since February 2015 and a member of the Board since February 2015 .
In New Jersey , Generic Defendants , including Acura , filed dispositive motions based on the Mensing decision , which the Court granted with a limited exception .
These increases were offset by a decrease of $ 0.2 million in MMG s revenues , which resulted from deficit in the full risk contracts related to high patient care cost , a decrease of $ 0.6 million in BCHC s revenues due to decreased patient census , a decrease of $ 0.2 million in HCHHA s revenues due to decreased patient census , as well as a decrease of $ 0.6 million in revenues of LALC and Hendel due to deconsolidation of the two variable interest entities ( VIEs ) from us in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2017 .
From February 2004 to November 2006 , Mr. Jandro served as Chief Executive Officer and President of Nsite Software , Inc , an early cloud company acquired by Business Objects .
CUBIC CORP /DE/ conduct CUBIC CORP /DE/ operations in approximately 2.2 million square feet of both owned and leased properties located in the United States and foreign countries .
Golden Minerals Co were incorporated in Delaware in March 2009 under the Delaware General Corporation Law .
The undersigned , Chen Junyan , the President and Chief Executive Officer of Asia Properties , Inc. hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to their knowledge , the report on Form 10 - Q / A of Asia Properties , Inc , for the quarterly period ended March 31 , 2017 , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , and that the information contained in the report on Form 10 - Q / A fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Asia Properties , Inc. Date : December 29 , 2017 .
On March 1 , 2014 , Alta Disposal Ltd , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. wholly - owned subsidiary , entered into a share purchase agreement with Tero and Garry Hofmann , the sole shareholder of Tero .
Mr. Cash serves on the boards of directors of First Acceptance Corp. and Argonaut Group , Inc. and has previously served on the boards of directors of Silicon Laboratories , Inc , i2 Technologies , Inc , Voyence , Inc. and Staktek Holdings , Inc.
Moody National REIT I , Inc. pays Property Manager a market - based property management fee in connection with the operation and management of its properties .
Consequently , IBERIABANK CORP believe that there is a risk that IBERIABANK CORP investment in FHLB common stock could be impaired at some time in the future and , if this occurs , it would cause IBERIABANK CORP earnings and stockholders equity to decrease by the after - tax amount of the impairment charge .
The writ was denied in August 2017 and , in order to continue to contest the asserted tax obligations , CIM Commercial Trust Corp paid the City and County of San Francisco $ 11,845,000 in penalties , interest and legal fees in late August 2017 , which are reflected in transaction costs on CIM Commercial Trust Corp consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , including $ 253,000 recorded in transaction costs for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 .
Stephen C. Gray President and Chief Executive Officer ; and Director Robert F. Reich Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Timothy Moss Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer David H. Ratner Executive Vice President and Chief Product Officer Jeffrey M. White Group Vice President , Global Sales Laura E. Binion Senior Vice President and General Counsel Mary P. Clark Senior Vice President , Chief Marketing Officer and Chief of Staff John T. McRae Group Vice President and General Manager Michael J. O Brien Senior Vice President , Corporate Development and Strategy Norris Powell Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer Chris Rivera Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer James A. Attwood , Jr. Chairman of SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC Board of Directors Tony G. Holcombe Vice Chairman of SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC Board of Directors Kristen Ankerbrandt Director Kevin L. Beebe Director Laura Desmond Director Julius Genachowski Director Mark J. Johnson Director Daniel S. Mead Director Raymond A. Ranelli Director .
Business General Mills , Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 1928 .
BIOCEPT INC have not completed a study to assess whether an ownership change has occurred or whether there have been multiple ownership changes since BIOCEPT INC formation , due to the complexity and cost associated with such a study , and the fact that there may be additional ownership changes in the future , however , BIOCEPT INC believe ownership changes likely occurred during both 2015 and 2016 .
The application of horizontal drilling and multi - stage hydraulic fracturing technology has resulted in increases in production and decreases in completion and operating costs in SWIFT ENERGY CO South Texas Olmos and Eagle Ford operations .
In July 2016 , Jounce Therapeutics , Inc. entered into a Master Research and Collaboration Agreement , or the Celgene Collaboration Agreement , and a Series B-1 Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement with Celgene Corporation , or Celgene .
Included in PNC FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP , INC . other equity investments are Visa Class B common shares , which are recorded at cost .
On January 13 , 2016 , iBio , Inc. entered into a share purchase agreement with Eastern pursuant to which Eastern agreed to purchase 3,500,000 shares of iBio , Inc. s common stock at a price of $ 0.622 per share .
Franklin Financial Network Inc. History and Growth Franklin Financial Network Inc. were formed as a Tennessee corporation in April 2007 and commenced banking operations through the newly - formed Franklin Synergy Bank in November 2007 .
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Virginia National Bankshares Corporation ( the Company ) , its subsidiary Virginia National Bank ( the Bank ) , and the Bank s subsidiary , VNBTrust , National Association which offers services under the name VNB Wealth Management ( VNBTrust or VNB Wealth ) .
In light of CLAIRES STORES INC ownership structure and Mr. D Appolonia s knowledge of the competitive opportunities facing CLAIRES STORES INC gained through his executive leadership and management experience , the board believes it is appropriate for Mr. D Appolonia to serve as a director of CLAIRES STORES
On January 23 , 2017 , Advanced Micro Devices , Inc. and ATI Technologies ULC ( collectively AMD ) , filed suit against us and many other named defendants , including VIZIO , Mediatek and LG in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware asserting infringement of U.S. Patent Nos . 7,633,506 and 7,796,133 .
Tricor Pacific Capital Partners ( Fund IV ) , Limited Partnership and Tricor Pacific Capital Partners ( Fund IV ) US , Limited Partnership ( collectively , the Tricor Funds ) , affiliated with Parallel49 Equity ( formerly known as Tricor Pacific Capital ) , own approximately 36.5 % and 21.6 % of CPI Card Group Inc. common stock , respectively .
By : /s/ Jason Hempel Name : Jason Hempel Title : Managing Director .
A significant portion of LEGACY RESERVES LP horizontal operated development activity in the Permian Basin is pursued through LEGACY RESERVES LP development agreement ( as amended , the " Development Agreement " ) with Jupiter JV LP ( " Investor " ) , which was formed by certain of TPG Sixth Street Partners ' investment funds .
Cell MedX Corp. management team is listed below : Name Age Positions Frank McEnulty 60 Chief Executive Officer , President and Director Yanika Silina 39 Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer , Corporate Secretary Dr. John Sanderson , MD 67 Chief Medical Officer Bradley Hargreaves 58 Vice President , Technology and Operations Set forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of each of Cell MedX Corp. executive officers and directors : Mr. McEnulty has served as a director and as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Cell MedX Corp. Company since March 6 , 2014 .
DynaResource , Inc. ( The Company , DynaResource , or DynaUSA ) was organized September 28 , 1937 , as a California corporation under the name of West Coast Mines , Inc.
Inc. ( the " Company " ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , I , Earnest Leung , Chief Executive Officer of J.E.M. CAPITAL , INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
During years two and three of the agreement , HLBE agreed to pay Granite Falls Energy , LLC 50 % of the total salary , bonuses , and other expenses and costs incurred by Granite Falls Energy , LLC for the three management positions .
The decrease in general and administrative expenses in the six months ended June 30 , 2017 compared to the six months ended June 30 , 2016 was primarily due to a $ 4.1 million decrease in compensation expense , of which $ 3.6 million related to the resignation of ENDOCYTE INC former Chief Executive Officer , P. Ron Ellis , in June of 2016 , which included .
Mr. Blum s practice areas include : private and public offerings , mergers and acquisitions , SEC and FINRA compliance , stock option and other compensation plans , general corporate and securities law , entertainment and real estate .
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement Mr. Rutherford shall serve as Chief Technology Officer and Mr. Hillman shall serve as President and Chief Operating officer of Brekford Traffic Safety , Inc.
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Triple - S Management Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Juan J. Rom n - Jim nez , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of TRIPLE - S MANAGEMENT CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
At December 31 , 2015 , GenOn had classified on its balance sheet the assets and liabilities of Shelby as held for sale .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Pitney Bowes Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Marc B. Lautenbach , President and Chief Executive Officer of PITNEY BOWES INC /DE/ , certify , to the best of my knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 )
Corporate and Other is comprised of BNI Energy , ALLETE INC coal mining operations in North Dakota , ALLETE Properties , ALLETE INC legacy Florida real estate investment , other business development and corporate expenditures , unallocated interest expense , a small amount of non - rate base generation , approximately 5,000 acres of land in Minnesota , and earnings on cash and investments .
Cardiovascular Systems Inc are not profitable and have incurred net losses in each fiscal year since Cardiovascular Systems Inc formation in 1989 .
MOSAIC CO pumping , surface storage , underground storage or injection well capacities for brine will continue to be sufficient , or that the pumping , grouting and other measures that MOSAIC CO use to manage the inflows at the Esterhazy mine will continue to be effective ; .
For example , HUNTSMAN INTERNATIONAL LLC operations in Asia have been impacted by slower growth in China , which continues to adversely affect demand for some of HUNTSMAN INTERNATIONAL LLC products .
In accordance with U.S. GAAP , SOHU COM INC do not provide for U.S. federal income taxes or tax benefits on the undistributed earnings or losses of SOHU COM INC non - U.S. subsidiaries or consolidated VIEs because , for the foreseeable future , SOHU COM INC do not have the intention to repatriate those undistributed earnings or losses to the U.S. ( except that , under certain circumstances , SOHU COM INC may repatriate to the U.S. income that was previously included in SOHU COM INC income for U.S. corporate income tax purposes ) .
Immune Design Corp. are also obligated to pay UNC Chapel Hill non - material annual renewal fees , a low double - digit percentage share of any payments that Immune Design Corp. receive from sub - licensees , and a low single - digit royalty on net sales of licensed products by us or Immune Design Corp. sub - licensees .
The property and equipment additions accounted for $ 8,174,000 of cash used in the year ended December 31 , 2015 for equipment as well as the build - out of a new and significantly larger facility to support POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . research and development activities .
AxoGen , Inc. common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol AXGN .
FINISAR CORP currently operate smaller facilities in Australia , Israel , Korea , Sweden and Germany , and FINISAR CORP are further expanding one of FINISAR CORP manufacturing facilities in China .
In December 2011 , a vendor of GENEREX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP commenced an action against GENEREX BIOTECHNOLOGY CORP and its subsidiary , Generex Pharmaceuticals , Inc , in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice claiming damages for unpaid invoices including interest in the amount of $ 429,000 , in addition to costs and further interest .
ACADIA PHARMACEUTICALS INC research and development activities have primarily focused on NUPLAZID ( pimavanserin ) which was approved by the FDA for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with PD Psychosis in April 2016 .
YuMe Inc may be limited in the portion of net operating loss carryforwards that YuMe Inc can use in the future to offset taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes , including any limitations that may be imposed under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code as a result of YuMe Inc IPO .
This transfer restriction applies to sales , pledges of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units , grants of options , rights or warrants to purchase Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units or swaps or other arrangements that transfer to another , in whole or in part , any of the economic consequences of ownership of the Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units other than as approved by Blackstone Group L.P. general partner .
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement approved by the Boards of MedoveX and Streamline on March 9 , 2015 , and subsequently approved by the Streamline Shareholders on March 25 , 2015 , an aggregate of 1,875,000 shares of common stock were reserved for issuance to Streamline shareholders who submit an executed transmittal letter to a paying agent .
Lumos Networks Corp. certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by Lumos Networks Corp. stockholders , which could limit Lumos Networks Corp. stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with Lumos Networks Corp. Lumos Networks Corp. certificate of incorporation provides that , unless Lumos Networks Corp. consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum , the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for ( i ) any derivative action or proceeding brought on Lumos Networks Corp. behalf , ( ii ) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of Lumos Networks Corp. directors , officers or other employees or Lumos Networks Corp. stockholders , ( iii ) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or Lumos Networks Corp. certificate of incorporation or bylaws , or ( iv ) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine .
Brooks J. Klimley has served as a director of Midstream Management since March 2015 , and serves as a member of the audit committee .
Jumpstart Ranger Energy Services , Inc. Business Act of 2012 .
On August 1 , 2016 ( the Acquisition Date ) , KEYCORP /NEW/ acquired all of the outstanding common shares of First Niagara , the parent company of First Niagara Bank , for total consideration of approximately $ 4.0 billion and thereby acquired First Niagara Bank 's approximately 390 branch locations across New York , Pennsylvania , Connecticut , and Massachusetts .
Mr. Garrett joined Adobe in February 2007 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
For the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , Global Wealth Management net revenues increased 16.6 % to a record $ 1.3 billion from $ 1.2 billion for the comparable period in 2016 .
A. Neil Pappalardo 74 Chairman and Director Lawrence A. Polimeno 75 Vice Chairman and Director Howard Messing 64 President , Chief Executive Officer and Director Barbara A. Manzolillo 64 Treasurer , Chief Financial Officer and Director Edward B. Roberts 81 Director Stuart N. Lefthes 63 Director Michelle O ' Connor 50 Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Hoda Sayed - Friel 58 Executive Vice President Helen Waters 52 Executive Vice President Christopher Anschuetz 64 Senior Vice President Robert G. Gale 70 Senior Vice President Steven B. Koretz 64 Senior Vice President Leah Farina 49 Vice President Scott Radner 51 Vice President James Merlin 56 Controller and Chief Accounting Officer .
FINISAR CORP may terminate the indemnification agreements with its officers and directors upon 90 days written notice , but termination will not affect claims for indemnification relating to events occurring prior to the effective date of termination .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates CYBEROPTICS CORP discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon CYBEROPTICS CORP consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
IDT CORP consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America , or U.S. GAAP .
Biostar Pharmaceuticals , Inc. business operation is conducted in China primarily through Biostar Pharmaceuticals , Inc. variable interest entity ( VIE ) , Shaanxi Aoxing Pharmaceutical Co , Ltd.
Because KINGSWAY FINANCIAL SERVICES INC owned more than 50 % of the outstanding units , 1347 Investors was included in the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Company .
Mr. Furr has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Hilltop since September 2016 .
The total borrowings and principal repayment on related party note payable during the year ended January 31 , 2017 was $ 25,000 and $ 582,903 , respectively Dated - April 23 , 2015 On May 1 , 2015 , in connection with the acquisition of the assets of Net D Consulting , Inc.
At December 31 , 2015 , WPL owned approximately 16,281 miles of overhead electric distribution line and 5,315 miles of underground electric distribution cable , as well as 302 substation distribution transformers , substantially all of which are located in Wisconsin .
As of February 22 , 2016 , the last reported sale price for POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . common stock on The NASDAQ Capital Market was $ 10.76 per share .
Collaborations In October 2014 , Immune Design Corp. entered into a collaboration with Sanofi Pasteur for the development of a Herpes Simplex Virus ( HSV ) immune therapy .
C&J Energy Services , Inc. is headquartered in Houston , Texas and operates in all active onshore basins in the continental United States and Western Canada .
The impact from this turnaround reduced LSB INDUSTRIES INC operating results in 2014 by approximately $ 5 million which includes unabsorbed overhead expenses , costs of repair and lost profit margin .
Mark E. Ellis Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer .
Asset Solutions Inc revenue for the three months ended November 30 , 2016 and 2015 was $ 30,173 and $ 30,098 , respectively .
Some of the factors that may affect IXYS CORP /DE/ quarterly and annual results are : .
Pinnacle West s primary cash needs are for dividends to ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO shareholders and principal and interest payments on ARIZONA PUBLIC SERVICE CO indebtedness .
As of November 30 , 2015 , ATVROCKN .
Interest expense for the 2017 Period was approximately $ 121,000 related to Verastem , Inc. loan and security agreement executed with Hercules in March 2017 .
In connection with the CBB Acquisition , in May 2015 REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s newly - formed U.S.-domiciled subsidiary , RML , LLC , also became an additional guarantor under such debt instruments .
Additionally , Mr. Enck served as President of MIS , where he executed its sale to United Healthcare .
Serge Adam Name : Serge Adam Title : Managing Director CREDIT VALUE MASTER FUND 2016 SUBSIDIARY , LTD , as a lender By : HPS Investment Partners , LLC , its Investment Manager .
Cullimore is President of the Enterprise Inkjet Systems Division , which serves existing and future commercial inkjet printing customers .
In April 2015 , Sempra Natural Gas invested $ 113 million of cash in Rockies Express to repay project debt that matured in early 2015 .
32 Tyler Mackay - Chief Operating Officer Tyler Mackay was appointed Chief Operating Officer of GroGenesis , Inc. Company on September 18 , 2015 .
Following the Separation , Viavi retained 11.7 million shares of Lumentum Holdings Inc. common stock , representing an ownership interest of 19.9 % of Lumentum Holdings Inc. total shares outstanding .
On February 26 , 2015 , the compensation committee of the board of directors granted to Mr. Rizzone , Energous Corp s Chief Executive Officer , RSUs under which Mr. Rizzone has the right to receive 246,226 shares of Energous Corp s common stock .
Editas Medicine , Inc. On March 14 , 2017 , Warner Chilcott Ltd entered into a strategic alliance and option agreement with Editas Medicine , Inc. ( Editas ) for access to early stage , first - in - class eye care programs .
Mr. Bertcher has served as Executive Vice President since February 2008 , Chief Financial Officer since May 2008 and Treasurer since October 2013 of IOT , ARL and TCI .
Emile J. Troxclair , III Vice President
Risks Related to SunOpta Inc. Business SunOpta Inc. operate in a highly competitive industry SunOpta Inc. operate businesses in highly competitive product and geographic markets in the U.S , Canada , Europe and various other international markets .
ICON ECI Fund Sixteen are engaged in one business segment , the business of investing in Capital Assets , including , but not limited to , Capital Assets that are already subject to lease , Capital Assets that ICON ECI Fund Sixteen purchase and lease to domestic and international businesses , loans secured by Capital Assets and ownership rights to leased Capital Assets at lease expiration .
The increase in total investment loss for both the three months ended September 30 , 2017 as compared to the three months ended September 30 , 2016 and for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 as compared to the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 was primarily due to the recognition of a $ 65.0 million realized investment loss in the three months ended September 30 , 2017 associated with the disposal of Carlyle Group L.P. interests in Urbplan in a transaction in which a third party acquired operational control and all of the economic interests in Urbplan .
THIS CONSULTING AGREEMENT ( " Agreement " ) is entered into this 23 rd day of September , 2015 and effective as of the _ _ _ _ _ day of _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ , 2015 ( the " Effective Date " ) , by and between ActiveCare , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( the " Company " ) , and ADP Management Corporation , a Utah corporation ( the " Consultant " ) .
On March 30 , 2015 , HLBE entered into a second intercompany loan agreement and related loan documents ( the " Additional Agrinatural Credit Facility " ) with Agrinatural .
The following table summarizes CIRCOR INTERNATIONAL INC cash flow activities for the six month periods indicated ( in thousands ): .
Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc will not be able to sell OHR-102 and Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc sustained release ophthalmological platform or Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc other products in the United States unless Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc submit , and the FDA approves , an NDA for each such product .
For example , the research resulting in certain of Editas Medicine , Inc. owned and in licensed patent rights and technology was funded in part by the U.S. government .
( a ) Of the amounts vested during 2015 and 2014 , 82,740 and 22,328 shares , respectively , were withheld by REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP to satisfy certain grantees minimum withholding tax requirements , which withheld shares became Revlon , Inc. treasury stock and are not sold on the open market .
On March 9 , 2015 , JDF Capital and Blue Citi PR , LLC agreed to assign an aggregate of $ 100,000 from the convertible promissory note of JDF Capital ( that was issued by Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company ) to Blue Citi PR LLC .
Following the amendment in November 2016 , Slainte converted the entire principal amount of the note into 594,540 shares of United Cannabis Corp 's common stock .
W. David Crumhorn , President and Chief Executive Officer of Heritage NOLA Bancorp , Inc , ( the Company ) and Lisa Hughes , Chief Financial Officer of Heritage NOLA Bancorp , Inc , each certify in their capacity as an officer of Heritage NOLA Bancorp , Inc. that they have reviewed the quarterly report on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 ( the Report ) and
Jeffrey L. Taylor , Senior Vice President , Corporate Controller , joined TECH DATA CORP in May 2007 and held the position of Vice President , Corporate Accounting through April 2011 .
Mr. Zerr was listed as a principal of the Managing Owner on December 6 , 2012 .
The following table summarizes aTYR PHARMA INC results of operations for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 ( in thousands ): .
Before joining Morgan Stanley Investment Management , Mr. Ross was employed by JPMorgan Investor Services Co , a financial services firm , from December 1997 through September 2005 , where his responsibilities included serving as a Vice President responsible for the accounting of certain funds sponsored by JP Morgan Chase Co. and other large fund families serviced by JPMorgan Investor Services Co. From April 1997 to December 1997 , Mr. Ross was employed by Investors Bank Trust , a financial services firm , where his responsibilities included performing mutual fund accounting for financial services firms .
In connection with the Change of Control , Mr. Sudeck , the former President , former Chief Executive Officer , former Chief Financial Officer , former Secretary and former sole director , resigned from all his positions with CX Network Group , Inc. Simultaneously , Mr. Huibin Su was appointed as CX Network Group , Inc. s Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer and a director , Mr. Jiyin Li was appointed as the Chairman of the board of the directors , and Zizhong Huang was appointed as CX Network Group , Inc. s Chief Operating Officer , all effective immediately .
Should MICROSOFT CORP require more capital in the U.S. than is generated by MICROSOFT CORP operations domestically , for example to fund significant discretionary activities , such as business acquisitions and share repurchases , MICROSOFT CORP could elect to repatriate future earnings from foreign jurisdictions or raise capital in the U.S. through debt or equity issuances .
With regard to Messrs. James , Hill , Goodman and Gray , Mr. Schwarzman considered their leadership and extensive knowledge of Blackstone Group L.P. business and operations gained through their years of service at Blackstone Group L.P. firm and with regard to himself , Mr. Schwarzman considered his role as founder and long - time chief executive officer of Blackstone Group L.P. firm .
Wages and benefits increased $ 1,554,000 as POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . increased headcount while consulting and outside services , including product testing , increased $ 876,000 to support activities related to development of new engines and pursuing on - road applications for POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . products , among other things .
Also on December 28 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. issued Mr. Delgado , its Director , a ten - year option to purchase 200,000 shares of common stock as compensation for services provided to the Company .
Directors , Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The following is a list of CARDINAL HEALTH INC executive officers : Name Age Position George S. Barrett Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Michael C. Kaufmann Chief Financial Officer Donald M. Casey , Jr. Chief Executive Officer , Medical segment Jon L. Giacomin Chief Executive Officer , Pharmaceutical segment Michele A. M. Holcomb Executive Vice President , Strategy and Corporate Development Pamela O. Kimmet Chief Human Resources Officer Craig S. Morford Chief Legal and Compliance Officer Patricia B. Morrison Executive Vice President , Customer Support Services and Chief Information Officer .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Drone Aviation Holding Corp. ( the Company ) for the quarterly period ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Jay H. Nussbaum , Chief Executive Officer and I , Kendall Carpenter , Chief Financial Officer of DRONE AVIATION HOLDING CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to the best of DRONE AVIATION HOLDING CORP . knowledge : .
From January 2005 to September 2009 , Mr. Matondi was a member and a producer at Broken Sky Films , LLC .
INVO Bioscience , Inc. has a verbal agreement beginning in March , 2013 with its former CFO , Robert Bowdring , who is currently a Director , to assist where necessary in the financial and administrative areas of INVO Bioscience , Inc. for compensation to be equivalent to the others working in the organization .
The following discussion of Western Union CO consolidated results of operations and segment results refers to the three months ended March 31 , 2017 compared to the same period in 2016 .
On October 6 , 2016 , Atlas Energy Group , LLC entered into a fourth amendment to the First Lien Credit Agreement with Riverstone and the Lenders , effective as of September 1 , 2016 , that makes conforming changes to reflect the status of Titan as the successor to ARP following the consummation of the Chapter 11 Filings and also removed the financial covenants and related cross - defaults that had previously been incorporated from ARP s credit agreement .
The income tax provision for the 2014 year included a valuation allowance of $ 6.0 million for previously generated state net operating loss benefits specific to ExpressJet that SKYWEST INC anticipate to expire , $ 2.0 million of foreign income tax associated with SKYWEST INC sale of ownership in TRIP stock , and the write off of $ 2.4 million of tax assets associated .
Gross profit POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . gross profit increased $ 22,519,000 ( 50.6 % ) to $ 67,045,000 for the year ended December 31 , 2014 , from $ 44,526,000 in the comparable period of 2013 .
The following table presents CODE GREEN APPAREL CORP s results of operations for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 compared to the three months ended June 30 , 2016 : .
The 2016 individual objectives for Mr. Vargas , DEPOMED INC s Senior Vice President , Business Development , and his overall individual rating , were as follows : .
Hrinak Executive Retention Agreement In April 2015 , CST entered into an executive retention agreement with Mr. Hrinak that included ( i ) an award of CST RSUs in the amount of $ 350,000 of which two installments vested on October 1 , 2015 and October 1 , 2016 with one remaining installment to vest on October 1 , 2017 ; and ( ii ) $ 150,000 in cash payable in three equal annual installments of which two installments were paid on October 1 , 2015 and October 1 , 2016 with one installment to be paid on October 1 , 2017 .
SOUTHERN COPPER CORP/ are one of the world s largest copper mining companies in terms of production and sales with SOUTHERN COPPER CORP/ principal operations in Peru and Mexico .
Other than the above mentioned amendments , the terms and conditions of the Amended Wells Credit Agreement II are substantially similar to POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . predecessor Wells Fargo Bank credit agreements .
MacAndrews Forbes reimburses Products Corporation for the allocable costs of the services that Products Corporation purchases for or provides to MacAndrews Forbes and for the reasonable out - of - pocket expenses incurred by Products Corporation in connection with the purchase or provision of such services .
If Castle Brands Inc are unable to restructure or refinance Castle Brands Inc debt , or are unable to raise equity on terms that are acceptable to us , it could have a significant effect on Castle Brands Inc financial position , could materially reduce Castle Brands Inc liquidity and could cause substantial fluctuations in Castle Brands Inc quarterly and yearly operating results .
To the extent that APPIAN CORP expand APPIAN CORP activities outside of the United States , APPIAN CORP exposure to unauthorized copying and use of APPIAN CORP platform and proprietary information may increase .
With uncertainty in the amount of time taken to obtain approval from the FDA for various technologies by Seems Inc , AMANASU TECHNO HOLDINGS CORP decided to begin a new project in the Food / Beverage industry , specifically Franchise management under the new leadership of Yukinori Yoshino , who was appointed President of AMANASU TECHNO HOLDINGS CORP as of October 16th , 2007 ; however , due to personal reasons unrelated to AMANASU TECHNO HOLDINGS CORP , Mr. Yoshino stepped down as President as of May 11 , 2009 , with the Chairman Mr. Atsushi Maki assuming the position of Chief Executive Officer .
In December 2015 , Madison Square Garden Co added a second residency with the announcement that legendary New Yorker and comedian Jerry Seinfeld would appear monthly at the Beacon Theatre .
ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC also provided Green Cross with a right of first negotiation for development and commercialization rights in South Korea to specified additional products ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC may develop .
The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that , during the Grantee s employment with RADIAN GROUP INC or any of its Affiliates , and for the 12 month period immediately following the Grantee s termination of employment for any reason , and subject to subsection ( l ) below ( the Restricted Period ) , the Grantee will not , without RADIAN GROUP INC s express written consent , engage ( directly or indirectly ) in any employment or business activity within the United States whose primary business involves or is related to providing any mortgage- or real estate - related service or product that , during the Grantee s employment , RADIAN GROUP INC or any of its Affiliates provides or is actively engaged in developing through the use of Confidential Information and Trade Secrets ; provided however , the foregoing restriction shall only apply to such service or product for which the Grantee has had access to Confidential Information and Trade Secrets or otherwise has had active involvement .
Before joining USANA , Mr. Fuller served in various executive positions for several different companies .
The parties have agreed not to transfer their interests in VRI Europe or CLC s related development business for a period of five years from the acquisition .
As part of the acquisition , and pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement , Michael Raleigh , Max Sound Corp then President , CEO , CFO , and Chairman resigned from all the positions he held in Max Sound Corp , and Mr. Halpern was appointed as Max Sound Corp President , CEO CFO and Chairman .
Accordingly , until the Schedule 14F Information Statement Effective Date , Geoff Williams continued as Chairman of the Board , CEO , President , CFO , Secretary and Treasurer and Ms. Winn continued as a Director of the Company ; and following such date , such persons automatically were deemed to have resigned all such positions with Uplift Nutrition , Inc. and Ms. Will and Mr. Richman became the sole directors of the Board and Ms. Will also became the President , Secretary and Treasurer of Uplift Nutrition , Inc. Like any other corporate officer or director , each director and officer is subject to the doctrine of usurpation of corporate opportunities only insofar as it applies to business transactions in which Uplift Nutrition , Inc. have indicated an interest , either through Uplift Nutrition , Inc. proposed business plan or by way of an express statement of interest contained in Uplift Nutrition , Inc. minutes .
FBR & Co. net loss for 2015 includes an $ 8.3 million tax benefit compared to a $ 0.3 million tax provision in 2014 .
For example , Broadcom Cayman L.P. have obtained tax incentives from the Singapore Economic Development Board , or EDB , an agency of the Government of Singapore , which provide that qualifying income Broadcom Cayman L.P. earn in Singapore is subject to tax holiday or reduced rates of Singapore income tax .
Customer Financing Wholesale Financing TORO CO are party to a joint venture with TCFIF , a subsidiary of TCF National Bank , established as Red Iron .
Raup EVP/ Chief Information Officer 36 years James Seltzer Resource Recovery Officer4.7 years Paula Vogt Customer Transaction Specialist 2 years 2015 Service Awards Last year Citizens Northern employees were recognized for more than 600 years of service to the financial institution .
Ms. Lazarus currently serves on the boards of Merck Co , Inc , General Electric ( where she chairs the Governance and Public Affairs Committee ) , the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ( FINRA ) , World Wildlife Fund , Defense Business Board , Lincoln Center for the Performing Arts and the Partnership for New York City .
Mr. Cooper serves on the Orange County Advisory Board of U.S. Bank , the Board of Trustees of NHC , the Editorial Advisory Board of Tax Credit Advisor , and the Tax Policy Council of the National Trust for Historic Preservation .
CVR ENERGY INC critical accounting policies are disclosed in the " Critical Accounting Policies " section of CVR ENERGY INC 2016 Form 10 - K. No modifications have been made to CVR ENERGY INC critical accounting policies .
Although Novartis has retained the right to vote the Novartis Private Placement Shares in its sole discretion in connection with certain enumerated matters , including any transaction which would result in AKCEA THERAPEUTICS , INC . change of control , AKCEA THERAPEUTICS , INC . agreement with Novartis may nevertheless delay or prevent changes in AKCEA THERAPEUTICS , INC . management or board of directors .
Amortization of intangibles does not include acquisition - related step - up amortization expense of $ 185,000 and $ 342,000 for the years ended December 31 , 2014 , and 2013 , respectively , in connection with Macquarie Infrastructure Corp previous 50 % investment in IMTT , which is reported in equity in earnings and amortization charges of investee in Macquarie Infrastructure Corp consolidated statements of operations .
quarterly variations in FINISAR CORP operating results ; .
As of June 30 , 2015 , Medovex Corp. had received transmittal letters from Streamline shareholders representing 1,648,852 shares of MedoveX common stock .
National Waste Management Holdings , Inc. lease the operations for Gateway at 2230 Destiny Way and for National Waste Management Holdings , Inc. Kingston , New York operations at 28 Kingston , New York 12401 .
Jonathan A. Kennedy Print Name : Jonathan A. Kennedy Title : Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date : August 7 , 2017 .
The increase in gross revenue included $ 0.6 million from organic ADH growth and $ 5.2 million from ADH acquisitions that closed after the three months ended December 31 , 2015 .
The functional currency of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC subsidiaries in Switzerland , Canada , and Singapore is the U.S. Dollar .
On September 21 , 2016 , Hill - Rom Holdings , Inc. acquired all of the outstanding shares of Tridien for a purchase price of $ 26.0 million , net of cash acquired .
Antero Midstream Partners LP general partner is allowed to take into account the interests of parties other than us , such as Antero Investment , in exercising certain rights under Antero Midstream Partners LP partnership agreement ; .
One LA , which commenced operations on June 20 , 2007 , operated a restaurant known as One Restaurant located in West Hollywood , California .
The increase in Essent Group Ltd. operating results in 2015 over 2014 was primarily due to an increase in net premiums earned associated with the growth of Essent Group Ltd. IIF and increases in net investment income and realized investment gains , partially offset by increases in other underwriting and operating expenses , the provision for losses and loss adjustment expenses and income taxes .
( E ) On September 16 , 2015 , El Dorado Ammonia L.L.C. ( EDA ) , a subsidiary within LSB INDUSTRIES INC Chemical Business , entered into a secured promissory note due 2022 ( the Secured Promissory Note due 2022 ) for the construction financing of an ammonia storage tank and related systems with an initial funding received of $ 15 million and a maximum principal note amount of $ 19.8 million .
Greg A. Steffens , SOUTHERN MISSOURI BANCORP , INC . 's President and Chief Executive Officer , has been with us since 1998 .
Ms. Shanahan is Chairman of the Board and Chair of the Compensation and Management Development Committee of Charlotte Russe Holdings , Inc , a specialty retailer of apparel and accessories with over 500 stores , on the Board of Directors and the Nominating and Governance Committee of Cedar Fair Entertainment Company ( NYSE : FUN ) , a publicly - traded MLP that owns and operates amusement parks and resorts in North America , and on the Board of Directors and Compensation Committee of Treasury Wine Estates Limited ( ASX : TWE ) , a vertically - integrated , global wine business with over 70 brands .
In February 2015 , the FASB issued ASU 2015 - 02 , Consolidation - Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis , which is included in the ASC in Topic 810 .
Mr. Quist 's significant expertise and deep understanding of the technical , organizational and strategic business aspects of the insurance industry , his management expertise , his thirteen year tenure as President of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP and 29 year tenure as a director , and his years of business and leadership experience led the Board of Directors to conclude that he should be appointed as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP .
Prior to this , from January 2007 to December 2009 , Mr. Nathanial served as the Group Chief Risk Officer at The Royal Bank of Scotland , based in Edinburgh .
BY THESE PRESENTS , that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Thomas H. Lyles , his true and lawful attorney - in - fact and agent , with full power of substitution and resubstitution , for him and in his name , place and stead , in any and all capacities , to sign any and all amendments to this Form 10 - K , and to file the same , with all exhibits thereto , and other documents in connection therewith , with the Securities and Exchange Commission , granting unto attorney - in - fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises , as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person , hereby ratifying and confirming all that attorney - in - fact and agent , or his substitute or substitutes , may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof .
In the preparation of PACCAR FINANCIAL CORP s financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles , management uses estimates and makes judgments and assumptions that affect asset and liability values and the amounts reported as income and expense during the periods presented .
In August 2015 , Hatteras Financial Corp wholly owned subsidiary , Wind River TRS LLC , purchased Pingora , a specialized asset manager focused on investing in new - production performing MSR and master - servicing residential mortgage loans sourced primarily from direct , ongoing relationships with loan originators .
Notwithstanding anything in this General Release to the contrary , this General Release shall not relinquish , diminish , or in any way affect any rights or Claims ( a ) arising out of any breach by the Company or by any Released Party of the Agreement after the date hereof , ( b ) I have to workers compensation benefits or vested benefits under any pension plan , employee benefit plan or any other plan or program of the Company , or ( c ) with respect to indemnification for actions brought against me in my capacity as an officer , manager or director of the Company or any subsidiary or affiliate of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC , whether pursuant to statute , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . s articles of incorporation or bylaws , or any separate agreement , but excluding any claims which I , or any of my heirs , executors , administrators or assigns , ever had , now have , or hereafter may have ( through the date that this General Release becomes effective and enforceable ) , by reason of any matter , cause , or thing whatsoever , from the beginning of my initial dealings with YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . to the date of this General Release , relating to any other relationship with YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC , including , without limitation , as option holder , stockholder , lender , director or otherwise .
From September 2009 to May 2015 , Mr. Gonsalves served as Vice President and operational CFO for various business groups within AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES INC , most recently for the Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group .
On the same date , Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc. agreed to sell substantially all the principal assets of DPD to GPIC and to discontinue DPD s business of designing , manufacturing and distributing gaming chips and plaques and distributing third - party table game products .
Matt M. Brown has served on Tri - State Generation & Transmission Association , Inc. Board since April 2010 and is Assistant Secretary of the Board .
Executive Officers of the Registrant James R. Darsey ( 60 ) , Executive Vice President of Merchant and Rebar Products , was named EVP in September 2010 .
continuing to support patient access to and reimbursement for NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . products in the U.S. without significant restrictions , particularly given the availability of PCSK9 inhibitor products in the U.S , which has adversely impacted reimbursement of JUXTAPID , and given the considerable number of JUXTAPID patients in the U.S. who are on Medicare Part D and the significant percentage of such patients who may not be able to afford their out - of - pocket co - payments for NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . products , given that the only source of financial support for some of the patients may be through patient assistance programs operated by independent charitable 501(c)(3 ) organizations that may not provide adequate financial assistance ; .
WASTE MANAGEMENT INC revenues increased $ 13 million , or 0.1 % , for the year ended December 31 , 2014 , driven by ( i ) revenue growth from yield on WASTE MANAGEMENT INC collection and disposal operations ; ( ii ) revenue from acquired operations , particularly the RCI operations acquired in July 2013 and ( iii ) fluctuations in electricity prices at Wheelabrator s merchant waste - to - energy facilities that favorably affected revenues .
The official exchange rate of 4.3 was used to remeasure GCP Applied Technologies Inc. financial statements from bolivars to U.S. dollars upon Venezuela 's designation as a highly inflationary economy .
See Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of government currency processes and restrictions in Venezuela , the effect on BRINKS CO operations , and how BRINKS CO account for currency remeasurement for BRINKS CO Venezuelan subsidiaries .
Agnieszka Rozwadowska is the wife of Piotr Rozwadowski , the Managing Director of the Belos operation located in Poland .
Prior to founding Integrity , Mr. Gal served as a managing director of Solid Systems , an Israeli start - up company engaged in the development of radar and ultra - sound technologies , from 2000 to 2001 .
David D. Smith , Frederick G. Smith , J. Duncan Smith , Robert E. Smith and David B. Amy , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer , together own interests ( less than 5 % in aggregate ) in Allegiance Capital Limited Partnership , a limited partnership in which SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC also hold an interest .
Patrick E. Miller has served as President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director since November 2015 .
HOOPER HOLMES INC valued the A R Warrant using the Black - Scholes pricing model , which utilizes Level 3 Inputs .
Robin L. Taylor Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( principal financial and accounting officer ) .
On October 9 , 2015 , Mr. Derrick , a former executive officer and director of ACTIVECARE , INC , settled allegations with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Name : Jacob Cherner Title : Executive Vice President GLMG CORP , as Administrative Agent By : .
FINISAR CORP quarterly operating results have varied significantly due to a number of factors , including : .
Prior to joining NuVasive , Mr. Rich served as Partner / Area Sales Manager of Bay Area Spine , a distributor of DePuy Spine , Inc. s products .
Carlyle Group L.P. disposed of Carlyle Group L.P. interests in Urbplan in a transaction in which a third party acquired operational control and all of the economic interests in Urbplan in the three months ended September 30 , 2017 .
CARL J. LUKACH Carl J. Lukach Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer May 5 , 2017 .
By /s/ Jana L. Baker Name : Jana L. Baker Title : Vice President .
GSVGC s investment committee ( the Investment Committee ) consists of R. David Spreng , who is its chairman and GSV Growth Credit Fund Inc. President , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of GSV Growth Credit Fund Inc. Board of Directors , Thomas B. Raterman , GSV Growth Credit Fund Inc. Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Secretary , Matthew Hanson , Head of Origination at GSVGC , Brian Laibow , OCM Growth Holdings , LLC s appointee , and Michael Moe , Chief Executive Officer , President and Chief Investment Officer of GSV Asset Management , LLC ( GSV Asset Management ) , a leading growth - investment manager and the investment adviser to GSV Capital Corp. ( GSV Capital ) , a publicly traded BDC , and Chief Executive Officer of GSV Capital .
As the values of the currencies of the foreign countries in which JOHNSON OUTDOORS INC has operations increase or decrease relative to the U.S. dollar , the sales , expenses , profits , losses , assets and liabilities of JOHNSON OUTDOORS INC s foreign operations , as reported in JOHNSON OUTDOORS INC s consolidated financial statements , increase or decrease , accordingly .
If Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. exercised this conversion right , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. would hold approximately 74 % of U - Swirl s common stock .
Aramark conduct Aramark direct marketing activities principally from Aramark facilities in Salem , Virginia ; Norwell and Rockland , Massachusetts ; and Reno , Nevada .
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of WMT and its wholly - owned subsidiaries : Wound Care Innovations , LLC a Nevada limited liability company ( WCI ) ; Resorbable Orthopedic Products , LLC , a Texas limited liability company ( Resorbable ) ; and Innovate OR , Inc. InnovateOR formerly referred to as BioPharma Management Technologies , Inc , a Texas corporation ( BioPharma ) .
The first stage consists of Equus acquisition of more than 90 % of U.S. Gas common and convertible preferred stock from MVC CAPITAL , INC . and certain other U.S. Gas stockholders in exchange for shares of Equus .
( 6 ) Mr. Grimshaw and Mr. Given also serve on the board of directors of Cash Converters International Limited , with Mr. Grimshaw serving as non - executive chairman .
On October 21 , 2016 , Ning Liu resigned as the Company s Chief Executive Officer , President , and Chairman of the Board .
The operating results of SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC television stations in Lansing , MI ( WLAJ - TV ) , which was sold effective March 1 , 2013 for $ 14.4 million , and Providence , RI ( WLWC - TV ) , which was sold effective April 1 , 2013 for $ 13.8 million , are not included in SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC consolidated results of operations from continuing operations for the year ended December 31 , 2013 and were classified as discontinued operations .
On January 22 , 2016 , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . terminated the employment of Mr. Liu as Chief Executive Officer of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . and entered into a separation agreement with him as of such date .
NEVADA GOLD & CASINOS INC gaming operations are located in the United States of America ( the U.S. ) , specifically in the states of Nevada , Washington and South Dakota .
Mr. Sabec s experience as Rightscorp Delaware s founder and chief executive officer qualifies him to serve on RIGHTSCORP , INC . board of directors .
At March 31 , 2017 , SVB FINANCIAL GROUP period - end total deposit balances were $ 41.1 billion , compared to $ 39.0 billion at December 31 , 2016 .
On September 12 , 2016 , Motto Franchising acquired certain assets of Full House , a franchisor of mortgage brokerages that created concepts used to develop Motto , for initial cash consideration of $ 8,000,000 .
The market value of the trust at March 31 , 201 6 and 201 7 of $ 4,961 and $ 6,082 , respectively , is included as an asset and a liability in AVX Corp accompanying balance sheet because the trust s assets are both assets of AVX Corp and a liability as they are available to general creditors in certain circumstances .
Rhino Resource Partners LP unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income have been retrospectively adjusted to reclassify Rhino Resource Partners LP Elk Horn operations to discontinued operations for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
Subsequent to Mr. Larsson 's departure , Mr. Patrice Louvet was appointed as RALPH LAUREN CORP 's new President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of RALPH LAUREN CORP Board of Directors , effective in July 2017 .
Inc. ( Swift River ) is a private family investment firm that manages capital on behalf of Blackstone Group L.P. President , Chief Operating Officer and Director , Hamilton E. James , his brother , David R. James , and members of their families .
Previously , Mr. Colonnese served as the Chief Financial Officer of Stealth BioTherapeutics since November 2014 and as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Transgenomic Inc. from August 2012 to October 2014 .
Mr. Isaacson joined Mosaic upon its formation in 2004 as its Chief Phosphates Counsel before being promoted to Vice President , Associate General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer in 2011 and to Vice President , Acting General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in June 2014 .
ExeLED Holdings , Inc. was incorporated in the State of Delaware on October 20 , 1986 under the name Verilink Corporation .
Anchor provides specialized commercial insurance products , including commercial automobile insurance to niche markets such as taxi , black car and sedan service owners and operators primarily in the New York market .
WideOpenWest , Inc. conduct WideOpenWest , Inc. cable operations under the authority of state cable television franchises , except in Alabama and parts of Michigan where WideOpenWest , Inc. continue to operate under local franchises .
On August 1 , 2016 , GGP Inc. closed on the sale of Rogue Valley Mall located in Medford , Oregon for a sales price of $ 61.5 million .
Digital Appliance Controls de Mexico S.A. was incorporated and commenced operations in 1997 .
Crude Oil Storage Revenues decreased by $ 3 million primarily due to ( i ) lower results related to the sale of certain of PLAINS GP HOLDINGS LP East Coast terminals in April 2016 and ( ii ) decreased utilization at certain of PLAINS GP HOLDINGS LP West Coast terminals .
KBS Growth & Income REIT , Inc. results of operations as of December 31 , 2016 are not indicative of those expected in future periods as KBS Growth & Income REIT , Inc. commenced investment operations on August 12 , 2015 in connection with KBS Growth & Income REIT ,
In March 2010 , YOD Hong Kong entered into a management services agreement with Sinotop Beijing pursuant to which Sinotop Beijing pays consulting and service fees , equal to 100 % of net profits of Sinotop Beijing , to YOD Hong Kong for various management , technical , consulting and other services in connection with its business .
See also Note 2 " OneBeacon Acquisition " and " Liquidity and Capital Resources " " Financing and Capital Items " Overview Three months ended June 30 , 2017 versus three months ended June 30 , 2016 OneBeacon Insurance Group , Ltd. ended the second quarter of 2017 with a book value per share of $ 10.71 , reflecting a 0.1 % increase , including a quarterly dividend of $ 0.21 per share , for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 .
In addition , Dr. Marshak shall ( i ) be entitled to three ( 3 ) weeks of paid time off , ( ii ) have the right to participate in Mount TAM Biotechnologies , Inc. 's general employee benefit plan(s ) , ( iii ) have the right to participate in an executive bonus plan and receive other bonus payments as determined by Mount TAM Biotechnologies , Inc. 's Board of Directors and ( iv ) be entitled to be reimbursed for reasonable business expenses .
Mr. Fuller served as Chief Administrative Officer and Treasurer of Melaleuca , Inc , a manufacturer and direct seller of personal care products .
Ambient Water Corp s previous name was MIP Solutions , Inc. MIP Solutions , Inc. was considered a shell company prior to the business combination .
Since 2013 , Mr. Pound has served as the Chairman of the Audit Committee of Alliance Holdings , a private equity firm .
As of December 19 , 2016 , Mr. Kasturi also served as the President , Treasurer and Secretary of , and is the sole member of , DWG Acquisitions and Raceland QSR , and owned all of the equity interests in DWG Acquisitions and Raceland QSR .
The income tax benefit in 2014 reflects the write - off of the deferred tax liability associated with the investment in IMTT that had been created under the equity method of accounting , partially offset by the capital gain generated on the sale of the district energy business .
Under the terms of the NLEX purchase agreement , Heritage Global Inc. will pay , to the former owner of NLEX , 50 % of the Net Profits ( as defined in the NLEX stock purchase agreement ) of NLEX for each of the four years following the closing .
Since June 2010 , Mr. Schenker has served General Partner and Portfolio Manager at MAZ Capital Advisors , an investment partnership , where his responsibilities include , among things , managing the firm s portfolio of investments .
Mr. Toh has served as a director of iDNA , Inc , a specialized finance and entertainment company , since 1999 ; a director of Teletouch Communications , Inc , a retail provider of internet , cellular and paging services , since 2002 ; a director of Isolagen , Inc , a. biotechnology company , from 2003 until 2009 ; and a director of American Surgical Holdings , Inc. from 2007 to April 2011 .
COMM 2016 - DC2 Mortgage Trust have examined management 's assertion , included in the accompanying Management 's Assertion on Compliance with Regulation AB Criteria , that CWCapital Asset Management , LLC ( the Company and the Asserting Party ) complied with the servicing criteria set forth in Item 1122(d ) of the Securities and Exchange Commission 's Regulation AB for the special servicing Platform for commercial mortgage - backed securities transactions that were issued on or after January 1 , 2006 , for which COMM 2016 - DC2 Mortgage Trust acted as special servicer as of and for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
MS Co. also agreed to pay Transtrend Master interest on 100 % of the average daily equity maintained in cash in Transtrend Master s brokerage account at the rate equal to the monthly average of the 4 - Week U.S. Treasury bill discount rate less 0.15 % during such month but in no event less than zero .
At September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , neither ZAIS Group Holdings , Inc. s equity investment , individually or in the aggregate , nor ZAIS Group Holdings , Inc. s proportionate share of the total assets of unconsolidated ZAIS Managed Entities in which the Company invested , exceeded 20 % of ZAIS Group Holdings , Inc. s total consolidated assets .
As of December 31 , 2015 , Blackstone had $ 1.8 billion in cash , $ 2.2 billion invested in Blackstone s Treasury Cash Management Strategies , $ 159.8 million invested in liquid Blackstone Funds , $ 1.9 billion invested in illiquid Blackstone Funds and $ 129.5 million invested in other investments , against $ 2.8 billion in borrowings from Blackstone Group L.P. bond issuances , and no borrowings outstanding under Blackstone Group L.P. revolving credit facility .
ImmunoCellular Therapeutics , Ltd. will also be subject to a variety of regulations governing clinical trials and sales of ImmunoCellular Therapeutics , Ltd. products outside the United States .
Purchasers in the offering included Michael I. Sacks , the father of Bradley J. Sacks , the Chairman of ULURU Inc. Board of Directors ( investment amount of $ 1,000,000 ) , Centric Capital Ventures , LLC , an investment entity controlled by Bradley J. Sacks ( investment amount of $ 19,000 ) , Terrance K. Wallberg , ULURU Inc. Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( investment amount of $ 50,000 ) , and Daniel G. Moro , ULURU Inc. former Vice President of Polymer Drug Delivery ( investment amount of $ 10,000 ) .
In June 2017 , NBCUniversal Media , LLC increased the Comcast and NBCUniversal Enterprise commercial paper programs to $ 7.0 billion and $ 1.5 billion , respectively , to coincide with the borrowing capacities under the Comcast and NBCUniversal Enterprise revolving credit facilities .
Further , the report pegs the average price - to - book ratio at 100 % nationally and 94 % in the Midwest ; NWIN ended the year trading at 115 % of book value .
Based on his educational background , professional training and more than 36 years of practical experience in the estimation and evaluation of petroleum reserves , Mr. Paradiso has attained the professional qualifications as a Reserves Estimator and Reserves Auditor set forth in Article III of the Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers as of February 19 , 2007 .
SKYWEST INC currently operate primarily through hubs in Atlanta , Los Angeles , Houston , Minneapolis , Detroit , San Francisco , Salt Lake City , Chicago , Denver , Houston , Washington , D.C , Newark , Cleveland and the Pacific Northwest .
First - lien Mortgage Securitizations First - lien Mortgages As part of its mortgage banking activities , the Corporation securitizes a portion of the first - lien residential mortgage loans it originates or purchases from third parties , generally in the form of RMBS guaranteed by government - sponsored enterprises , FNMA and FHLMC ( collectively the GSEs ) , or Government National Mortgage Association ( GNMA ) primarily in the case of FHA - insured and U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA)-guaranteed mortgage loans .
Prior to establishing ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR Ltd company , Dr. Chang served as the Executive Vice President at Siliconix Incorporated , a subsidiary of Vishay Intertechnology Inc , a global manufacturer and supplier of discrete and other power semiconductors , or Siliconix , from 1998 to 2000 .
At the closing of the Acquisition ( the Closing ) , Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc. issued to the Virttu Shareholders an aggregate of 797,081 shares ( the Closing Shares ) of Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc. s common stock based on a price of $ 5.55 per share , and agreed to pay the Virttu Shareholders an aggregate of approximately $ 557,000 in cash within 30 days of Closing ( the Cash Consideration ) .
Diane and Mendel intend to donate all of the merger consideration received pursuant to the bebop transaction to a donor advised fund .
Mr. Jonathan Adams has served as BIOVIE INC . s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer since it acquired LAT Pharma LLC on April 11 , 2016 .
Executive Vice President , Secretary and a director , are each engaged in other business endeavors , including Circle Entertainment Inc. ( Circle ) , in which Mr. Nelson is an executive officer .
No . 2010 - 010813 , records of Twin Falls County , Idaho and ( c ) the Bell Rapids Transmission and Access Easement Agreement dated May 19 , 2010 entered into by and between Bell Rapids Mutual Irrigation Company , an Idaho corporation , as Grantor and Bell Rapids , as Grantee , which was recorded on May 28 , 2010 as Instrument No .
Mr. Rector was appointed as Orbital Tracking Corp. Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer and Secretary on October 15 , 2014 .
Prior to 1997 , Mr. Miller served 13 years in various sales and marketing positions at Syntex Corporation , a pharmaceutical company acquired by Roche Holding Ltd.
B. Anthony Isaac , age 64 , has served as WESTAR ENERGY INC /KS director since December of 2003 .
The line - of - credit product represented the substantial majority of RCS activity during 2017 and 2016 , as RCS expanded in June 2015 beyond the pilot phase for this product .
Interest is payable at a rate equivalent to the one -month LIBOR plus 90 basis points per annum ; and effective December 1 , 2008 , Maiden Holdings , Ltd. entered into a Reinsurer Trust Assets Collateral agreement to provide to AII sufficient collateral to secure its proportional share of AII 's obligations to the U.S. AmTrust subsidiaries .
The WOWIO - owned Spacedog library is available for sale on wowio.com and Wowio , Inc. retains 90 % of all sales for that content library .
Casale also agreed to utilize QSI as its exclusive provider of nanocatalysts for its chemical synthesis processes during the term of the agreement due to QSI s demonstrated increase in catalytic activity and patented high - volume manufacturing process .
Aside from Oncobiologics , Inc. joint participation agreement in place for ONS-3010 with Huahai , whereby Oncobiologics , Inc. agreed to share post - Phase 1 development costs , and proportionately share the revenues from commercialization of ONS-3010 in the United States , Canada , EU and Japan , among other markets , and under which Oncobiologics , Inc. could be required to form a joint venture with Huahai for ONS-3010 if so requested by Huahai , Oncobiologics , Inc. do not have any commercial license or development agreements for the United States or for major ex - U.S. markets , such as the EU or Japan .
MOSAIC CO are presenting MOSAIC CO results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and December 31 , 2014 , the seven months ended December 31 , 2013 ( the " Transition Period " ) and the fiscal year ended May 31 , 2013 .
The SpineZ Merger was effectuated as a share exchange transaction in which the former stockholders of Debride exchanged each share that they owned of Debride for 1.936 shares of SpineZ. As a result of the SpineZ Merger , the former owners of Debride became 53 % majority owners of SpineZ. Medovex Corp. accounted for this transaction as a reverse merger and recapitalization of Debride into SpineZ. Medovex Corp. is a development stage enterprise that has acquired a patent , patent applications and other intellectual property rights relating to the use , development , and commercialization of the DenerveX Device ( DenerveX ) .
Mr. Light is the Dean Emeritus of Harvard Business School and the George F. Baker Professor of Administration Emeritus .
W. Kip Speyer has been Bright Mountain Media , Inc. CEO , President and Chairman of the Board since May 2010 .
Restricted Stock Units Settled in Shares SunCoke Energy , Inc. issued 22,628 stock - settled restricted stock units ( RSUs ) to certain employees for shares of SunCoke Energy , Inc. s common stock during the three months ended March 31 , 2017 .
On August 14 , 2017 , Clear Channel International B.V. ( " CCIBV " ) , iHeartMedia , Inc. indirect subsidiary , issued $ 150,000,000.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 8.75 % Senior Notes due 2020 ( the New CCIBV Notes ) .
JC USA has the following wholly owned subsidiaries : MSI - PRO Co. ( MSI ) , incorporated April 1996 , Jewett - Cameron Seed Company , ( JCSC ) , incorporated October 2000 , Greenwood Products , Inc. ( Greenwood ) , incorporated February 2002 , and Jewett - Cameron Company , incorporated September 2013 .
In addition , due to China XD Plastics Co Ltd policy of indefinitely reinvesting China XD Plastics Co Ltd earnings in Dubai , UAE , China XD Plastics Co Ltd have not provided for deferred income tax liabilities related to Dubai Xinda in Dubai , UAE , on undistributed earnings .
Previously , Mr. Mitchell served as Senior Vice President and CFO of T-3 Energy Services , a publicly traded company , until its successful sale in 2011 .
INSTRUCTURE INC amended and restated certificate of incorporation provid e s that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and INSTRUCTURE INC stockholders , which could limit INSTRUCTURE INC stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or INSTRUCTURE INC direc tors , officers or employees .
As part of its core strategy , on February 26 , 2014 , Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc entered into a Joint Venture Agreement and related agreements with Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory ( CSHL ) pursuant to which a joint venture , DepYmed Inc. ( DepYmed ) , was formed to further preclinical and clinical development of Ohr s Trodusquemine and analogues as PTP1B inhibitors for oncology indications .
So long as entities advised by or affiliated with Bain Capital and THL directly or indirectly own a significant amount of the voting power of iHeartCommunications , Inc. outstanding capital stock , even if such amount is less than 50 % , Bain Capital and THL will continue to be able to strongly influence or effectively control iHeartCommunications , Inc. decisions .
W. Paul Bowers Chairman , President , and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
SWIFT ENERGY CO s operations are concentrated in Texas and Louisiana .
Richard Hue Richard Hue Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer and Director .
Under U.S. GAAP , Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. are required to account for these investments utilizing the hypothetical liquidation at book value method ( HLBV ) , in which Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. recognize income or loss based on the change in the amount each partner would receive if the assets were liquidated at book value , in this case , at the end of the immediately preceding quarter after adjusting for any distributions or contributions made during such quarter .
As of December 31 , 2015 , Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. owned , through a combination of direct and indirect interests , 65.6 % of the units of limited partnership interest in Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. Operating Partnership ( OP Units ) .
On June 28 , 2013 , Connecticut Water entered into a settlement agreement with the OCC and the Office of the Attorney General for the State of Connecticut ( the Settlement Agreement ) , whereby Connecticut Water adjusted the water rates charged to its customers effective April 1 , 2014 in accordance with the elements of the Settlement Agreement ( the Connecticut Water Rate Reduction Plan ) .
From June 1993 to June 1997 , Mr. Graver was employed by PNC Bank , a bank offering consumer and corporate services , where he served as a mutual fund accounting manager and was responsible for managing an accounting team that performed daily accounting functions and valuation calculations for a group of mutual funds .
Date : July 27 , 2017 /s/ H. Eric Bolton , Jr. H. Eric Bolton , Jr. Chief Executive Officer of Mid - America Apartment Communities , Inc , general partner of Mid - America Apartments , L.P. exhibit314-maalpq22017.htm . Exhibit .
the volume of business that XL GROUP LTD subsidiaries that are not admitted in the United States are able to transact could be reduced if XL GROUP LTD are unable to obtain letter of credit facilities at an appropriate amount .
We are a holding company in the United States conducting China Green Agriculture , Inc. operations in China through China Green Agriculture , Inc. PRC subsidiaries .
On December 17 , 2015 , Diane joined Google as a Senior Vice President .
PENN VIRGINIA CORP terminated all of PENN VIRGINIA CORP pre - petition derivative contracts from March 2016 through May 2016 for $ 63.0 million and reduced amounts outstanding under the pre - petition credit agreement ( the RBL ) by $ 52.0 million .
HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA believe that HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA operate the second largest fleet by DWT of new generation Jones Act - qualified OSVs in the United States .
Class II Directors Greg Matiuk , 70 , has served as a director of Swift Energy since September 2003 .
Earnings ALABAMA POWER CO 's net loss after dividends on preferred stock was $ 8 million in 2015 compared to $ 329 million in 2014 .
From July 2009 to August 2010 , Mr. Rupert co - headed an opportunistic hotel fund in partnership with The Olympia Companies , a hotel owner - operator with more than 800 employees , headquartered in Portland , Maine .
ALABAMA POWER CO have audited the accompanying balance sheets and statements of capitalization of Gulf Power Company ( the Company ) ( a wholly owned subsidiary of The Southern Company ) as of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , and the related statements of income , comprehensive income , common stockholder 's equity , and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31 , 2015 .
A second action has subsequently been filed making the same allegations but extending the period of alleged violations to January 27 , 2017 and also naming Regulus Therapeutics Inc. Chief Research Development Officer , Timothy M. Wright , as a defendant .
Mr. Rowley is a certified public accountant .
WILLIAMS SONOMA INC operate in the U.S , Puerto Rico , Canada , Australia and the United Kingdom , offer international shipping to customers worldwide , and have unaffiliated franchisees that operate stores in the Middle East , the Philippines and South Korea , and stores and e - commerce websites in Mexico .
Dr. Rogers has served as chief medical officer of HeartFlow , Inc , a cardiovascular diagnostics company , since March 2012 .
However , Gold Standard Mining Co sole officer and director , Mr. Southworth , believes Gold Standard Mining Co will be able to offer owners of acquisition candidates the opportunity to acquire a controlling ownership interest in a publicly registered company without incurring the cost and time required to conduct an initial public offering .
Cardinal also operated George Mason Mortgage , LLC , a residential mortgage lending company based in Fairfax , Virginia with offices located in Virginia , Maryland , North Carolina , South Carolina and the District of Columbia ; and Cardinal Wealth Services Inc. Bank of Georgetown After the close of business on June 3 , 2016 ( BOG Acquisition Date ) , United acquired 100 % of the outstanding common stock of Bank of Georgetown , a privately held community bank headquartered in Washington , D.C.
Parkview Capital Credit , Inc. ( the Company ) , was legally formed on November 25 , 2014 ( Inception ) as a Maryland corporation and commenced its principal operations on April 24 , 2015 , commensurate with the raising of $ 20,000 through the sale of 2,000,000 shares of its common stock .
Operations Summary OCWEN FINANCIAL CORP consolidated operating results for the past three years have been significantly impacted by sales of MSRs in 2015 and 2016 , significant servicing portfolio and platform acquisitions in 2012 and 2013 and subsequent integrations , goodwill impairment in 2014 and various regulatory settlement and monitoring costs .
Resource Capital Corp. s total investment in LCC was $ 43.2 million and $ 43.0 million at June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , respectively .
In April 2015 , Summit Healthcare REIT , Inc formed the SUL JV , which is owned 10 % by the Operating Partnership and 90 % by Best Years .
Exhibit 99.6 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed April 30 , 2015 .
Currently , Mr. Sabec serves as RIGHTSCORP , INC .
Name : Ernie Herrman Title : Chief Executive Officer and President .
OMNICOMM SYSTEMS INC regularly review all new pronouncements that have been issued since the filing of OMNICOMM SYSTEMS INC Form 10 K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 to determine their impact , if any , on OMNICOMM SYSTEMS INC financial statements .
Macquarie Infrastructure Corp operates and invests in a diversified group of businesses that provide services to other businesses , government agencies and individuals primarily in the U.S.
For instance , Dr. Johnson Lau , who serves as Athenex , Inc. Chief Executive Officer and Chairman , Dr. Manson Fok and Mr. Song - Yi Zhang , who serve on Athenex , Inc. board of directors , and another of Athenex , Inc. employees are also directors of Avalon Global Holdings Limited , or Avalon , a shareholder of ours .
The impact on MOBIVITY HOLDINGS CORP . results of operations of recording stock - based compensation expense for restricted stock units for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 was as follows : .
As required by Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act , Cleantech Solutions International , Inc , management , including Jianhua Wu , Cleantech Solutions International , Inc , chief executive officer , and Wanfen Xu , Cleantech Solutions International , Inc , chief financial officer , evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of Cleantech Solutions International , Inc , disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30 , 2017 .
Ms. Lattin joined Legg Mason in 1997 and has served in a variety of positions in Legg Mason s Human Resources department , including Head of Employee Relations , Director of Benefits and Director of Employment .
PATTERSON UTI ENERGY INC may terminate Executive s employment under this Agreement at any time for Cause , by delivering to Executive written notice describing the cause of termination ( x ) in the case of clause ( i ) , 30 days before the effective date of such termination and by granting Executive at least 20 days to cure the cause ; ( y ) in the case of clauses ( ii ) , ( iii ) or ( iv ) , 10 days before the effective date of such termination and by granting Executive at least 10 days to cure the cause ; or ( z ) in the case of clause ( v ) on the date of such termination ; provided however , that if the matter is reasonably determined by PATTERSON UTI ENERGY INC to not be capable of being cured , Executive may be terminated for cause on the date the written notice is delivered .
However , the BMA has pursuant to its statement of June 1 , 2005 given its general permission under the Exchange Control Act 1972 ( and related regulations ) for the issue and free transfer of Essent Group Ltd. common shares to and among persons who are non - residents of Bermuda for exchange control purposes as long as the shares are listed on an appointed stock exchange , which includes the New York Stock Exchange .
The terms and timing of Brexit have not yet been confirmed , and as such , it is difficult to predict the effect of Brexit on Aegion Corp Company and Aegion Corp operations in the United Kingdom , including Aegion Corp manufacturing facility in Wellingborough , United Kingdom , which distributes liners to the European Union and elsewhere .
In addition , Bluerock Residential Growth REIT , Inc. increased the mezzanine loan to West Morehead by $ 3.3 million , to approximately $ 24.6 million .
Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures Based on an evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31 , 2017 , conducted under the supervision and with the participation of LAYNE CHRISTENSEN CO management , including the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer , LAYNE CHRISTENSEN CO concluded that LAYNE CHRISTENSEN CO disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that LAYNE CHRISTENSEN CO file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to LAYNE CHRISTENSEN CO management ( including the Principal Executive Officer and the Principal Financial Officer ) to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure , and is recorded , processed , summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms .
mmex_ex321.htm . mmex_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 USC , SECTION 1350 , AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES - OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of MMEX Resources Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended July 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Jack W. Hanks , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of MMEX Resources Corp , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
bebe stores , inc . operate a corporate office in Brisbane , California , a design studio in Los Angeles , California and a distribution facility in Hong Kong .
the Prior Year Quarter of $ 124.3 million , Medicare revenue of $ 61.1 million , revenue for Veridicus of $ 41.0 million , pharmacy MCO revenue of $ 4.5 million and other net favorable variances of $ 0.1 million .
During the Employment Period ( as defined in Section 2 below ) , Enright shall serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of Altimmune and shall have such duties , responsibilities and authority commensurate with such position , and such additional duties and responsibilities commensurate with such position as shall be determined from time to time by the Board .
From 2000 to 2003 , Mr. Gyani served as president and chief executive officer of AT T Wireless Mobility Services , Inc , a telecommunications company , and as senior advisor to the chairman and chief executive officer through 2004 .
As of December 31 , 2015 Taylor Morrison Home Corp operated in Arizona , California , Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Illinois , North Carolina , and Texas .
The restatement of AKORN INC previously issued 2014 financial statements and the previous delay in AKORN INC filing of 2015 financial statements has resulted in various governmental investigations and shareholder lawsuits and could result in government enforcement actions , which could have a material adverse impact on AKORN INC results of operations , financial condition , liquidity , and cash flows .
On February 8 , 2017 , Viking Therapeutics , Inc. entered into the SPA with PoC , pursuant to which , among other things , Viking Therapeutics , Inc. issued to PoC 1,286,173 shares of its common stock .
On January 12 , 2012 , the Armenian Court of Cassation confirmed prior trial and appellate court rulings rejecting a proposed tax assessment against GLOBAL GOLD CORP s Mego - Gold subsidiary by the Armenian State Revenue Agency related to an incorrect claim concerning gold production at Toukhmanuk as well as incorrect applications of relevant law .
First National provides full - service banking to businesses and residents within the Ames community through its three Ames offices and the Greater Des Moines area through its four offices located in Ankeny , West Des Moines and Johnston .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report of Varex Imaging Corporation ( the Company ) , on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended December 30 , 2016 ( the Report ) , I , Sunny S. Sanyal , President and Chief Executive Officer of Varex Imaging Corp , hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 that : .
IBERIABANK CORP acquired all of the outstanding common stock of the former Florida Bank Group shareholders for total consideration of $ 90.5 million , which resulted in goodwill of $ 15.7 million , as shown in the table below .
Mr. Garrett served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Software Group of EMC Corporation , a products , services and solutions provider for information management and storage , from June 2004 to January 2007 , his most recent position since EMC s acquisition of Documentum , Inc , an enterprise content management company , in December 2003 .
Pursuant to the Deerfield facility , KEMPHARM , INC may not enter into specified transactions , including any joint venture , partnership or any othe r profit sharing arrangement , without the prior approval of Deerfield .
In addition , General Jackson served as Chief , Division of Probation Administrative Office of the United States Court , Washington , D.C.
INTEGRATED DEVICE TECHNOLOGY INC plan to continue to repatriate a portion of INTEGRATED DEVICE TECHNOLOGY INC offshore earnings , generated after March 29 , 2015 , to the U.S. for domestic operations , and have accrued for the related tax impacts accordingly .
Date : September 22 , 2017 By : /s/ Steven Rossi Name : Steven Rossi Title : President and Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated .
Most of IBERIABANK CORP s business activity is with customers located within the states of Louisiana , Florida , Arkansas , Alabama , Texas , Georgia , and Tennessee .
CrossAmerica Partners LP sublease office space from CST that CST leases from an affiliate of John B. Reilly , III and Joseph V. Topper , Jr , members of CrossAmerica Partners LP Board .
On April 13 , 2011 , SkyWest Airlines and Alaska entered into the SkyWest Airlines Alaska Capacity Purchase Agreement .
Exhibit 99.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed November 4 , 2009 .
In October 2016 , PLEDGE PETROLEUM CORP terminated the joint venture due to its failure to meet certain milestones , including its generation of minimal revenue .
I , Richard L. Mack , the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Mosaic Company , certify that ( i ) the Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 of The Mosaic Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and ( ii ) the information contained in such report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of The Mosaic Company .
Borrowings under the U.S. revolving credit facility bear interest , at HAYNES INTERNATIONAL INC s option , at either Wells Fargo s prime rate , plus up to 0.75 % per annum , or the adjusted .
Alexander Walsh will serve as chairman of the board of directors , president and chief executive officer of Alta Disposal Morinville .
Any failure of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT reservoirs , storage tanks , mains or distribution networks could result in losses and damages that may affect CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT financial condition and reputation .
On September 30 , 2014 , Sandor Capital Master Fund LP purchased 8 million shares of Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock at a purchase price of $ 0.05 per share .
Mr. Bochnowski is the father of Benjamin Bochnowski , the President and Chief Operating Officer of the Bancorp and Bank .
CEN Biotech , Inc. ( CEN or the Company ) was incorporated in Canada on August 4 , 2013 as a subsidiary of Creative Edge Nutrition , Inc. ( Creative ) , a public company incorporated in Nevada .
Power of Attorney ; included above registrants signatures of this Form 10 - K. Certification by David D. Smith , as Chief Executive Officer of Sinclair Broadcast Group , Inc , pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ( 15 U.S.C. 7241 ) .
Each of the undersigned , in his capacity as an officer or director , or both , as the case may be , of VASCO Data Security International , Inc. does hereby appoint T. Kendall Hunt , and each of them severally , his true and lawful attorneys or attorney to execute in his name , place and stead , in his capacity as director or officer , or both , as the case may be , this Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2015 and any and all amendments thereto and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
RETURN , INC . paid Kenneth I. Denos , P.C , a professional corporation owned by Kenneth I. Denos , a director of the Fund , $ 0.4 million and $ 0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and September 30 , 2016 , respectively , for services provided to the Fund .
The jurisdictions in which WHITE MOUNTAINS INSURANCE GROUP LTD s subsidiaries and branches are subject to tax are Barbados , Gibraltar , Israel , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , the United Kingdom and the United States .
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Arden L. Walker , Jr. Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Thomas E. Emmons .
RALPH LAUREN CORP success depends on the value of RALPH LAUREN CORP brands and RALPH LAUREN CORP ability to consistently anticipate and respond to customers ' demands , preferences , and fashion trends in the design , pricing , and production of RALPH LAUREN CORP products , including the preference for certain products to be manufactured in the U.S.
In connection with this Quarterly Report of EMR Technology Solutions , Inc.   , on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I , John X. Adiletta , Principal Executive Officer of EMR Technology Solutions , Inc , certify to the best of my knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
Borgata Transaction On August 1 , 2016 , MGM completed its acquisition of Boyd Gaming s ownership interest in Borgata .
This space is provided to us by Tiger Reef , Inc. President and CEO , J. Scott Sitra , free of charge .
Dr. Charles Zhang and those other executive officers and employees of the Sohu Group who are shareholders of the consolidated VIEs have pledged their shares in the consolidated VIEs as collateral for the loans .
During 2014 , UTG INC committed to invest in UGLIC , LLC , which purchases real estate tax receivables .
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with Innocoll Holdings plc unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements which present Innocoll Holdings plc results of operations for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 , as well as Innocoll Holdings plc financial positions at March 31 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q.
The selected financial data presented below is derived from FENNEC PHARMACEUTICALS INC . unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements which were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles .
Mr. Hill was listed as a principal of the Managing Owner on February 12 , 2015 .
Financial Condition , Liquidity and Capital Resources Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T primary sources of cash include ( i ) the sale of Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T Common Shares ( until the end of Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T Public Offering ) , ( ii ) Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T shareholders ' reinvestment of their distributions , ( iii ) distributions received from Carey Credit Income Fund 2016 T ownership of the Master Fund 's common shares , and ( iv ) expense reimbursement payments from the Advisors pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement .
The following is a summary of VIRCO MFG CORPORATION s warranty - claim activity during 2017 and 2016 .
The complaints alleged , among other things , that IMMUNOMEDICS INC and certain directors and officers breached their fiduciary duties for disseminating false and misleading information relating to the termination of the License and Collaboration Agreement that IMMUNOMEDICS INC entered into with Nycomed GmbH ( Nycomed ) which provided Nycomed a worldwide license to develop , manufacture and commercialize veltuzumab , in the subcutaneous formulation , for the treatment of all non - cancer indications ( the Nycomed Agreement ) .
In September 2009 , Hughes Satellite Systems Corp also entered into a satellite service agreement ( the DISH Nimiq 5 Agreement ) with DISH Network , pursuant to which DISH Network receives satellite services from us on all 32 of the DBS transponders covered by the Telesat Transponder Agreement .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of mPhase Technologies , Inc , a New Jersey corporation ( the Company ) , on Form 10 - Q / A for the quarter ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Ronald A. Durando , Chief Executive Officer of MPHASE TECHNOLOGIES INC certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ( 18U.S.C. Section 1350 ) , that to his knowledge : .
Exhibit 32.2 The undersigned , Paul R. Flanders , Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Carrols Restaurant Group ,
Mr. Quazzo has served as a Trustee of The Latin School of Chicago since 2001 and since 1994 has been a Chicago Advisory Board member of City Year , a national service organization .
FBR & Co. are a Virginia corporation formed in June 2006 and headquartered in Arlington , Virginia and also have offices in Boston , Dallas , Houston , Los Angeles , New York and San Francisco .
Prior to joining XL GROUP LTD in 2000 , Ms. Gould was associated with the law firms of Clifford Chance and Dewey Ballantine in London and New York .
On September 12 , 2016 , NV5 Global , Inc. acquired certain assets of Weir .
Black Hills Energy Kansas Gas - includes Black Hills Energy Kansas gas utility operations .
EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC may remain an emerging growth company until as late as December 31 , 2021 , the fiscal year - end following the fifth anniversary of the completion of EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC initial public offering , though EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC may cease to be an emerging growth company earlier under certain circumstances , including ( 1 ) if the market value of EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC common stock that is held by nonaffiliates exceeds $ 700 million as of any June 30 , in which case EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31 , or ( 2 ) if EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC gross revenue exceeds $ 1.07 billion in any fiscal year .
On July 6 , 2012 , President Obama signed into law the Moving Ahead for Progress in the Twenty - first Century Act , which contains a pension funding provision that results in lower pension contributions in the near term while increasing the premiums pension plans pay to the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation .
From February 1998 through April 2007 , Mr. Egan was registered as an associated person of Morgan Stanley DW Inc. From August 1991 through March 1993 , Mr. Egan was employed by Dean Witter Intercapital , the asset management arm of Dean Witter Reynolds , Inc , where his responsibilities included serving as a mutual fund administration associate .
Alan Plafker has been an executive in the insurance industry for over 20 years and is knowledgeable in financial matters , including reviewing financial statements .
Note 13 Business Segment Information SEI INVESTMENTS CO s reportable business segments are : Private Banks provides investment processing and investment management programs to banks and trust institutions , independent wealth advisers and financial advisors worldwide ; Investment Advisors provides investment management programs to affluent investors through a network of independent registered investment advisors , financial planners and other investment professionals in the United States ; Institutional Investors provides investment management programs and administrative outsourcing solutions to retirement plan sponsors , hospitals and not - for - profit organizations worldwide ; Investment Managers provides investment operations outsourcing solutions to fund companies , banking institutions and both traditional and non - traditional investment managers worldwide ; and Investments in New Businesses focuses on providing investment management programs to ultra - high - net - worth families residing in the United States ; developing internet - based investment services and advice solutions ; entering new markets ; and conducting other research and development activities .
In particular , Charles Liang , Super Micro Computer , Inc. President , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board , is critical to the overall management of Super Micro Computer , Inc. company as well as to the development of Super Micro Computer , Inc. culture and Super Micro Computer , Inc. strategic direction .
Class III Directors William A. Bruckmann III , 64 , has served as a director of Swift Energy since February 2015 .
Monogram Residential Trust , Inc. may also be required to reimburse the California housing authority if certain operating results are achieved on a cumulative basis during the term of the agreement .
Threshold s ability to successfully complete the merger depends in large part on Threshold s ability to retain Threshold s remaining personnel , particularly Wilfred E. Jaeger , M.D , Threshold s Interim Chief Executive Officer , Kristen Quigley , Threshold s Vice President of Clinical Operations , and Joel Fernandes , Threshold s Senior Vice President of Finance .
As a result at March 31 , 2017 , DUPONT E I DE NEMOURS & CO increased the accrual related to the MDL to $ 670.7 million and the indemnification asset for indemnification by Chemours to $ 335 million .
Based on that evaluation , Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 were not effective in timely alerting them to material information which is required to be included in Thunderclap Entertainment ,
John W. Ketchum Executive Vice President , Finance and Chief Financial Officer of NextEra Energy , Inc. nee-2q2017xex31c.htm .
Until receipt of necessary shareholder approvals , the Warrant and the Note may not be exercised or converted to the extent that such exercise or conversion would result in SSS beneficially owning more than 19.99 % of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . s outstanding Common Stock .
Earnings Attributable to AEP Common Shareholders from Corporate and Other decreased from income of $ 24 million in 2016 to a loss of $ 12 million in 2017 primarily due to the prior year reversal of income tax expense for an unrealized capital loss valuation allowance where AEP effectively settled a 2011 audit issue with the IRS partially offset by prior year charges related to the final accounting of the disposition of AEP s commercial barging operations .
Accordingly , the proxies granted under the Proxy Agreements by certain shareholders of Uplift Nutrition , Inc. to Sharon Will , Uplift Nutrition , Inc. s then President and Director , and the control person of MCB , which entitled Ms. Will the right to vote an aggregate of 42,476,150 shares of Uplift Nutrition , Inc. s common stock , were cancelled , effective as of the date of the Cancellation Notices .
Commitments and Contingencies As previously disclosed in prior reports filed with the SEC , NOODLES & Co is named as a defendant in an action filed in the Superior Court of Delaware in New Castle County ( the Court ) , entitled The State of Delaware , William French v. Card Compliant , LLC , et .
Any unvested awards will vest in full upon a sale of Planet Fitness , Inc , subject to Mr. Moore s continued employment .
This includes the operations of MITCHAM INDUSTRIES INC subsidiaries MCL , MEL , MML and MSE , MITCHAM INDUSTRIES INC branch in Colombia and the leasing operations conducted by SAP .
Mr. MacLellan is a co - founder of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp and has been serving as an officer and/or director of various advance technology and high growth companies over the past 20 years .
Negative developments in the financial services industry and the U.S. and global credit markets may adversely impact TWO RIVER BANCORP operations and results .
Yilaime is controlled by Alton Perkins , who is ATI Modular Technology Corp. sole director and officer .
All activity for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 relates to Kayne Anderson Acquisition Corp s formation and the initial public offering ( Public Offering ) described below .
Elizabeth Mora has served since 2008 as the Chief Financial Officer , Vice President for Finance and Administration , and Treasurer for the Charles Stark Draper Laboratory , a non - profit engineering research and development laboratory serving the national interest in applied research , engineering development , advanced technical education , and technology transfer .
As most of ChinaNet Online Holdings , Inc. s operations are conducted through its PRC subsidiaries and VIEs , ChinaNet Online Holdings , Inc. s ability to pay dividends is primarily dependent on receiving distributions of funds from its PRC subsidiaries and VIEs .
Such Auditor shall not disclose Lam s Confidential Information to the auditing Party , except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to verify the accuracy of the financial reports furnished by audited Party or the amount of payments to auditing Party under this Agreement .
A one percentage point increase or decrease in interest rates would increase or decrease POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . interest expense by approximately $ 973,000 annually based on POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . revolving line of credit outstanding as of December 31 , 2015 .
Natural gas price risk Natural gas is Ingevity Corp largest form of energy purchases constituting approximately two percent of Ingevity Corp cost of goods sold for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 .
Clyde W. Smith , Jr. Director March 4 , 2016 Clyde W. Smith , Jr. /s/
Ross Dove , Chief Executive Officer and Director .
United may terminate the SkyWest Airlines and ExpressJet United Express Agreements due to an uncured breach by SkyWest Airlines or ExpressJet of certain operational or performance provisions , including measures and standards related to flight completions , baggage handling and on time arrivals .
CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of the management of the Managing Owner , including Andrew Schlossberg , its Principal Executive Officer , and Steven Hill , its Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , Investment Pools , the Fund carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures ( as defined in Rule 13a-15(e ) or 15d-15(e ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ( the Exchange Act ) ) as of the end of the period covered by this annual report , and , based upon that evaluation , Andrew Schlossberg , the Principal Executive Officer of the Managing Owner , and Steven Hill , the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , Investment Pools , of the Managing Owner concluded that the Fund s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information the Fund is required to disclose in the reports that it files or submits with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the SEC ) under the Exchange Act is recorded , processed , summarized and reported , within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms , and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Fund in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management of the Managing Owner , including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer , as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure .
Previously , Mr. May served as Vice President of Human Resources for Boeing Defense , Space and Security at Boeing from April 2011 to June 2015 and as Vice President , of Compensation , Benefits and Strategy at Boeing from August 2007 to April 2011 .
The Sky Acquisition has received unconditional clearance by all competent competition authorities including the European Commission , and has been cleared on public interest and plurality grounds in all of the markets in which Sky operates outside of the UK , including Austria , Germany , Italy and the Republic of Ireland .
Net cash used in PHI GROUP INC s operating activities during the nine - month period ended March 31 , 2017 was $ 1,119,435 , as compared to net cash used in operating activities of $ 1,501,967 during the nine - month period ended March 31 , 2016 .
Each of Immune Design Corp. license agreements with MedImmune will remain in effect until the later of October 2060 or the expiration of MedImmune s payment obligations .
Mr. Ruhlman is Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of the Company .
Terms Expiring 2018 James M. Benson has served as one of Fidelity & Guaranty Life directors since October 2014 and is a member of the Audit Committee , Compensation Committee and Affiliate Transaction Committee .
Specific actions included expanding capacity in Brazil , China , Mexico , Poland , Thailand and the U.S. AMERICAN AXLE & MANUFACTURING HOLDINGS INC expect AMERICAN AXLE & MANUFACTURING HOLDINGS INC EcoTrac Disconnecting AWD products to support three global markets by 2019 .
During 2016 , Dr. Daniel Teper , the former Chief Executive Officer of IMMUNE PHARMACEUTICALS INC and the current CEO of Cytovia advanced a total of $ 0.9 million to IMMUNE PHARMACEUTICALS INC of which IMMUNE PHARMACEUTICALS INC had repaid $ 0.7 million prior to December 31 , 2016 including $ 0.4 million which was paid in shares of IMMUNE PHARMACEUTICALS INC s common stock .
CBS Radio Separation On February 2 , 2017 , CBS CORP entered into an agreement with Entercom Communications Corp. to combine CBS CORP s radio business , CBS Radio , with Entercom in a merger to be effected through a Reverse Morris Trust transaction , which is expected to be tax - free to CBS Corp. and its stockholders .
I , Joseph B. Alala III , Chief Executive Officer , in connection with the Quarterly Report of Capitala Finance Corp. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarterly period ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Quarterly Report ) , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Value Exchange International , Inc. is required to contribute 5 % of the monthly salaries for all Hong Kong based employees to the MPF Scheme up to a maximum statutory limit .
Income tax expense , net is the estimated tax expense attributable to the net taxable income recorded by Castle Brands Inc 60 % owned subsidiary , GCP , adjusted for changes in the deferred tax asset and deferred tax liability during the periods , and was net expense of ( $ 1.5 ) million for the nine months ended December 31 , 2015 as compared to net expense of ( $ 0.7 ) million for the comparable prior - year period .
In 2014 , SWIFT ENERGY CO $ 37.4 million , or 6 % increase in oil , NGL , and natural gas sales resulted from : .
On July 21 , 2017 , Arista Networks , Inc. submitted a request to CBP under Section 177 of its rules seeking approval to import Arista Networks , Inc. redesigned products into the United States .
Lee Bendekgey has served as Invitae Corp Chief Financial Officer since November 2013 .
Broad V ision , Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in May 1993 .
HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP INC / DE also may enter into and has previously issued financial instruments and products that either are accounted for as free - standing derivatives , such as certain reinsurance contracts , or as embedded derivative instruments , such as GMWB riders included with certain variable annuity products .
Mr. Reinhard joined Pepsi Cola in 1984 after four years with The Proctor Gamble Distributing Company .
Jeffrey R. Gaither , a former Director , is Managing Partner of Bose McKinney Evans , LLP , a law firm that performs legal services for the Company .
Alliant Energy , IPL and WPL are also currently extending various gas distribution systems in their existing Iowa and Wisconsin service territories to serve new customer demand .
ASU 2016 - 08 , ASU 2016 - 10 , ASU 2016 - 12 and ASU 2016 - 20 clarify certain aspects of ASU 2014 - 09 and provide additional implementation guidance .
In consideration for the acquisition of Karrah , Precious Investments , Inc. planned to issue to Khan a three year promissory note ( the Note ) for $ 1,500,000 , with interest at 6 % per annum .
Messrs. Prins and Shenoy , each of whom is an independent director under the NYSE MKT listing standards , serve as members of India Globalization Capital , Inc. Audit Committee .
IBERIABANK provides these products and services in Louisiana , Alabama , Florida , Arkansas , Tennessee , Georgia and Texas .
As of December 31 , 2016 BullsNBears.com , Inc. owes Michael James Enterprises , Inc. ( Nevada ) $ 15,434 in expenses paid for BullsNBears.com , Inc. for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
The delisting of HTG MOLECULAR DIAGNOSTICS , INC common stock from trading on NASDAQ may have a material adverse effect on the market for , and liquidity and price of , HTG MOLECULAR DIAGNOSTICS , INC common stock and impair HTG MOLECULAR DIAGNOSTICS , INC ability to raise capital .
The following table lists the high and low sale prices per share for FTI CONSULTING INC common stock based on the closing sales price as reported on the NYSE for the periods indicated .
The backlog at December 31 , 2015 is approximately 4 % higher than 2014 primarily driven by an increase in commercial / institutional branded water source heat pump products of LSB INDUSTRIES INC subsidiary , Climate Master , Inc.
As amended , the options granted between 2008 and 2011 vest as follows : ( i ) one - third of each stock option grant vests over a specified period of time contingent solely upon the option holder s continued employment or service with us ( Time - Based Options ) ; and , ( ii ) two - thirds of each stock option grant will vest upon achieving MOIC with respect to Blackstone s aggregate investment in DJO s capital stock , to be achieved by Blackstone following a liquidation of all or a portion of its investment in DJO s capital stock ( Market Return Options ) .
Mr. Letcavage was named Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer , and Chief Financial Officer of PREMIER HOLDING CORP . on October 5 , 2012 .
Quell revenues were approximately $ 6.1 million and $ 2.8 million in the six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 , respectively .
ALADDIN INTERNATIONAL INC /MN/ unaudited operating results for the periods ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 are summarized as follows : .
For the fiscal years ended June 30 , 2017 and June 30 , 2016 10.5 % and 10.2 % , respectively , of total revenues were derived from contracts with facilities owned by Dr. Raymond V. Damadian , the President and principal stockholder of Fonar .
The remaining 18 Consolidated Hotels operate under franchise or license agreements that are separate from FelCor Lodging LP management agreements .
Mr. Fenton served as a director of Bluelinx Holdings Inc , Formica Corporation , IAP Worldwide Services , Global Motorsports Group , Inc. and Transamerica Trailer Leasing Co.
WINHA INTERNATIONAL GROUP LTD operate WINHA INTERNATIONAL GROUP LTD business in China through Zhongshan Winha .
Item 2 : The following discussion should be read in conjunction with HOME BANCSHARES INC Form 10 - K , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28 , 2017 , which includes the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
In July 2015 , IEnova entered into an agreement to purchase PEMEX s 50 - percent interest in GdC , which at closing would increase its interest from 50 percent to 100 percent .
On September 1 , 2016 , FERRELLGAS PARTNERS FINANCE CORP entered into a group of agreements with Jamex which , among other things , Jamex agreed to execute and deliver a secured promissory note ( " Jamex Secured Promissory Note " ) in favor of Bridger in satisfaction of all obligations owed to Bridger under the Jamex TLA .
Mr. Hill previously served as Co - Head of the Corporate and Mergers and Acquisitions Advisory group before assuming his role as Chief Executive Officer of BAAM .
On August 29 , 2012 , JOBLOCATIONMAP INC issued 4,000,000 shares of JOBLOCATIONMAP INC s common stock to Omri Morchi , JOBLOCATIONMAP INC President and Director , for a purchase price of $ 0.003 per share , or for aggregate proceeds of $ 12,000 .
Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 I , Michael R. Hough , certify that : .
During the three months ended December 31 , 2015 , ADDVANTAGE TECHNOLOGIES GROUP INC decreased the earn - out liability related to the Nave Communications acquisition by $ 0.2 million , which is recorded in accrued expenses .
Mr. Wright served as Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of Nations Petroleum Company Ltd. from 2006 to August 2012 .
Gulf Power may also meet short - term cash needs through a Southern Company subsidiary organized to issue and sell commercial paper at the request and for the benefit of Gulf Power and the other traditional electric operating companies .
Cytosorbents Corp estimate that the market potential in Europe for Cytosorbents Corp products is larger than that in the U.S.
Andrew S. Marsh Andrew S. Marsh Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Entergy Corporation .
In addition , Mr. Sunkle has taken on the role of Vice President Manufacturing since July 2008 .
In October 2015 , the Court of Appeal granted the motion and ordered Philip Morris International Inc. subsidiary to furnish security totaling CAD 226 million ( approximately $ 172 million ) to cover both the L tourneau and Blais cases .
In June 2017 , OHA Investment Corp purchased a $ 1.4 million second lien term loan to PAE Holding Corporation , or PAE , adding to OHA Investment Corp $ 5.5 million position that was previously acquired in November 2016 .
However , in the event funds from foreign subsidiaries were needed to fund cash needs in the U.S. and if U.S. taxes have not already been previously accrued , SYNOPSYS INC would be required to accrue and pay additional U.S. taxes in order to repatriate these funds .
On April 5 , 2013 , two putative class actions were filed in the federal district court against Warner Chilcott and certain affiliates alleging that Warner Chilcott s 2009 patent lawsuit settlements with Watson Laboratories and Lupin related to Loestrin 24 Fe were unlawful .
In March 2014 , AIR T INC formed Space Age Insurance Company ( SAIC ) , a captive insurance company licensed in Utah , and initially capitalized with $ 250,000 .
( Future Tense ) 46 % of the outstanding membership interests in Demonsaw , LLC for 2.0 million unregistered MGT Common shares , which were issued to Future Tense on the same date .
Excluding political revenues , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC national media revenues increased $ 58.0 million for 2014 when compared to 2013 , of which $ 77.7 million related to the stations acquired in 2014 .
On November 9 , 2017 , Accelerize Inc. appointed Paul Dumais as its Senior Vice President Product Development and entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Dumais pursuant to which Mr. Dumais is entitled to an annual base salary of $ 240,000 .
In May of 2015 , LSB INDUSTRIES INC subsidiary , EDC , was sued in the matter styled BAE Systems Ordinance Systems , Inc. ( BAE ) , et al . vs. El Dorado Chemical Company , in the United States District Court , Western District of Arkansas , for an alleged breach of a supply agreement to provide BAE certain products .
Mr. Silber is the Chairman of Street Capital , which he founded in 1979 .
Therefore , increases or decreases in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and those other currencies affect the value of those items as reflected in DEERE JOHN CAPITAL CORP s consolidated financial statements , even if their value remains unchanged in their original currency .
In July 2012 , MARRONE BIO INNOVATIONS INC formed a wholly - owned subsidiary , Marrone Michigan Manufacturing LLC ( MMM LLC ) , which holds the assets of a manufacturing plant MARRONE BIO INNOVATIONS INC purchased in July 2012 .
The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors consists of Mr. Walin ( Chairman ) , Mr. Roche , Mr. Tiedemann and Mr. White , none of whom has ever been an officer of VICON INDUSTRIES INC /NY/ except for Mr. Roche , who served as Executive Vice President from August 1993 until his retirement in November 1999 .
5/11 to 8/14 Vice President - System Transmission Operations of CECONY Saumil P. Shukla 9/15 to present Senior Vice President Utility Shared Services of CECONY .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Coherus BioSciences , Inc. management s discussion and analysis of Coherus BioSciences , Inc. financial condition and results of operations is based on Coherus BioSciences , Inc. condensed consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles , or U.S. GAAP .
Property Plata has purchased a 100 % interest in Bontoc Claim .
On May 2 , 2016 , CAT9 Group Inc. entered into Employee Agreements with Wenfa Simon Sun , its President , Chief Executive Officer , and Chairman of the Board of Directors , and MeiHong Sanya Qian , its Chief Financial Officer and Secretary .
OREO acquired in the FNB Transaction that is subject to the FDIC loss - share agreements is referred to as covered OREO and reported separately in Hilltop Holdings Inc. consolidated balance sheets .
The effect of such merger is that NAMI Corp. was the surviving entity and changed its name to NAMI Corp. Effective December 13 , 2016 , the Board of Directors ( the Board ) of NAMI Corp. appointed Mr. Ong Tee Keat as Chairman of the Board of Directors , CEO , Secretary , and Treasurer , and Binloet Sriphanorm resigned from his positions as an officer and director of NAMI Corp. NAMI Corp. are a development - stage Company that intends to develop a built in safe with a combination lock that can store personal and or valuable items , inside of backpacks , carry - on luggage and suitcases .
As of June 30 , 2017 , the contractual maturities of Arista Networks , Inc.
Since 2005 , Mr. Abajian has served as the President of the East Coast branch of the Armenian Jewelry Association and has also served as a Board Member on MJSA ( Manufacturing Jewelers and Suppliers of America ) , New York Jewelry Association , and the 2001 - 2002 Luxury Show .
In June 2014 , Oncobiologics , Inc. entered into a strategic license agreement with Laboratories Liomont , S.A. de C.V , or Liomont , under which Oncobiologics , Inc. granted Liomont and its affiliates an exclusive , sublicenseable license in Mexico for the research , development , manufacture , use or sale of the ONS-3010 and ONS-1045 biosimilar product candidates in Mexico .
For the purposes of this definition , control means the ownership of at least 50 % of the voting share capital of an entity or any other comparable equity or ownership interest ; provided , that Invus , L.P , a Bermuda limited partnership , and Affiliates of Invus , L.P. that would not otherwise be Affiliates of Client but for Invus , L.P. s ownership of Client s capital stock , shall be deemed not to be Affiliates of Client .
Cash provided in TAURIGA SCIENCES , INC . financing activities was $ 652,228 for the year ended March 31 , 2017 , compared to cash generated of $ 185,772 during the comparable period in 2016 .
A summary of AeroGrow International , Inc. s common stock warrant activity for the period from April 1 , 2015 through March 31 , 2017 is presented below : .
In 2011 , Mr. Kerr founded the law firm Price , Parkinson Kerr , where he practices commercial litigation .
Ted T. Timmermans . Ted T. Timmermans Vice President , Controller and Chief Accounting Officer ( Principal Accounting Officer ) .
the risk that foreign governments may adopt regulations or take other actions that would have a direct or indirect adverse impact on SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC business and market opportunities , including for example a delay SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC experienced in receiving regulatory confirmation for the commencement of number portability services in India ; and .
Mr. Wolf currently serves as a director of MarkWest Energy Partners , L.P , Enduring Resources , LLC , Laredo Petroleum , LLC and Aspect Energy , LLC .
Thomas J. Corcoran , Jr. Thomas J. Corcoran , Jr. Chairman of the Board and Director .
NIT Enterprises , Inc. was incorporated in the state of Delaware on May 12 , 2014 and is doing business in the State of Florida .
At December 31 , 2015 , LinnCo , LLC owned approximately 37 % of LINN Energy s outstanding units .
Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. securities and derivatives businesses are extensively regulated by U.S. federal and state regulators , foreign regulatory agencies , numerous exchanges and self - regulatory organizations of which Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. subsidiaries are members .
HEALTHSOUTH CORP operate hospitals in 31 states and Puerto Rico , with concentrations in the eastern half of the United States and Texas .
" Presentacion A. Coranes " Presentacion A. Coranes Chief Accounting Officer Chief Financial Officer and Director .
As a result , on December 31 , 2015 , Staffing Group , Ltd. disposed of its wholly owned subsidiary , EmployUS Ltd , in a split - off transaction which included all the assets , liabilities and operations of EmployUS Ltd. Staffing Group , Ltd. currently operates five ( 5 ) staffing locations in Charlotte and Raleigh , North Carolina , Indianapolis , Indiana , Nashville , Tennessee , Montgomery , Alabama .
In January 2013 , through Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. s wholly - owned subsidiaries , including ALY , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. entered into two agreements to sell all of the assets of its ALY frozen yogurt stores , along with its interest in the self - serve frozen yogurt franchises and retail units branded as Yogurtini which Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. also acquired in January 2013 , to U - Swirl , a publicly traded company ( OTCQB : SWRL ) , in exchange for a 60 % controlling equity interest in U - Swirl .
Mr. Ellis serves on the boards of the Independent Petroleum Association of America , American Exploration Production Council , Houston Museum of Natural Science and The Center for the Performing Arts at The Woodlands .
YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . may terminate the Executive s employment at any time , without cause , upon 30 days ' written notice by YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . to the Executive and , except as provided in Section 5.1 hereof , the Executive shall have no right to receive any compensation or benefit hereunder after such termination .
Non - tertiary lease operating expenses increased $ 11.3 million ( 4 % ) on an absolute - dollar basis between 2014 and 2013 , primarily due to workover costs at Riley Ridge of approximately $ 12 million , as well as DENBURY RESOURCES INC late - March 2013 purchase of additional interests in CCA , which caused an increase in costs , but which properties generally have a lower operating cost on a per - BOE basis than DENBURY RESOURCES INC other non - tertiary properties .
On July 1 , 2016 , in conjunction with an executive employment agreement with David Liu ( Liu Agreement ) pursuant to which Mr. Liu would serve as Marathon Patent Group , Inc. s CTO , entered into on June 29 , 2016 , Marathon Patent Group , Inc. granted Mr. Liu a ten - year stock option to purchase an aggregate of 150,000 shares of Common Stock , with a strike price of $ 2.79 per share , vesting in thirty - six ( 36 ) equal installments on each monthly anniversary of the date of the Liu Agreement .
Additional legislation , changes in rules promulgated by the SEC and self - regulatory organizations or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules , either in the U.S. or elsewhere , may directly affect how FBR & Co. operate and FBR & Co. financial results and condition .
Vice President , Alamo Group Inc. and Executive Vice President Alamo Group ( USA ) Inc , Agricultural Division Jeffery A. Leonard .
DAKTRONICS INC /SD/ estimate the volatility of DAKTRONICS INC /SD/ common stock at the date of grant based on historical volatility consistent with ASC 718 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No . 107 , Share Based Payments .
Patricia L. Kampling Patricia L. Kampling Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
In March 2012 , AXT INC wholly - owned subsidiary , Beijing Tongmei Xtal Technology Co , Ltd. ( Tongmei ) , entered into an operating lease for the land it owns with AXT INC consolidated joint venture , Beijing BoYu Semiconductor Vessel Craftwork Technology Co , Ltd. ( BoYu ) .
When Service Provider provides Workers who are not U.S. Citizens or legal residents of the United States , Service Provider shall comply with all U.S. laws regarding foreign nationals working in the United States , including , if applicable , the laws and regulations concerning the transfer of nuclear - related technology ( See 10 C.F.R. Part 810 ) .
Foreign Currency Coeur Mining , Inc. operates , or has mineral interests , in several foreign countries including Australia , Bolivia , Chile , Mexico , Argentina , Ecuador , and New Zealand , which exposes it to foreign currency exchange rate risks .
La Quinta Holdings Inc. monitor the unauthorized copying or use of intellectual property in the United States and other countries in which La Quinta Holdings Inc. operate or plan to operate .
Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of February 23 , 2014 between Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company and JSJ Investments Inc. ( incorporated by reference to Lithium Exploration Group , Inc.
At April 30 , 2017 , I - Minerals Inc owed Wayne Moorhouse , Director , $ 1,465 , Tom Conway , CEO and Director , $ 1,668 , Erimus Management Ltd , a company controlled by John Theobald , Director , $ 19,821 and Ball Ventures , LLC , a company controlled by Allen L. Ball , $ 175,000 .
GOOGLE INC . Board of Directors has determined that each of the director nominees standing for election , except Larry , Sergey , Eric , and Diane , is an independent director under these standards .
Relevant PRC statutory laws and regulations permit payments of dividends by SMARTHEAT INC . s PRC subsidiaries only out of the subsidiary s retained earnings , if any , as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations .
On August 13 , 2014 , ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. announced that ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. entered into an agreement to operate the F B services for a hotel in Miami , Florida that will include an STK expected to open in 2016 .
The undersigned , Steven Hill , Principal Financial and Accounting Officer , Investment Pools , of Invesco PowerShares Capital Management LLC , the Managing Owner of PowerShares DB Base Metals Fund ( the Fund ) , a series of PowerShares DB Multi - Sector Commodity Trust , hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
If these transactions are determined to be taxable , TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . would recognize gains on the internal reorganization and/or recognize gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of shares of the News Corp common stock distributed to TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . stockholders on the distribution date over TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . tax basis in such shares of TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . common stock .
Capital Lease Obligation - During fiscal 2012 , MARCUS CORP entered into a master licensing agreement with CDF2 Holdings , LLC , a subsidiary of Cinedigm Digital Cinema Corp. ( CDF2 ) , whereby CDF2 purchased on MARCUS CORP s behalf , and then deployed and licensed back to MARCUS CORP , digital cinema projection systems ( the systems ) for use by MARCUS CORP in its theatres .
Acquisitions Cordis On October 2 , 2015 , CARDINAL HEALTH INC acquired the Cordis business from Ethicon , Inc , a wholly - owned subsidiary of Johnson Johnson , for $ 1.9 billion using cash on hand and proceeds from CARDINAL HEALTH INC debt offering in June 2015 .
LUMIOX , INC . board of directors currently consists of only one member , Michael Paul Jarvie .
Graduating from General Motors Institute ( now Kettering University ) , Mr. Torrence went on to earn a Juris Doctor degree and is licensed to practice law ( now retired ) in Ohio .
( " Plainview Delaware " ) and Plainview Delaware 's wholly owned subsidiary , Plainview Premium Finance Company of California , Inc.
Managed Services net revenues increased 17.9 percent in the first quarter of 2017 to $ 17.2 million compared to $ 14.6 million in the first quarter of 2016 .
In order to be subject to tax as a RIC , GOLUB CAPITAL INVESTMENT Corp are required to meet certain source of income and asset diversification requirements , as well as timely distribute to GOLUB CAPITAL INVESTMENT Corp stockholders dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes of an amount generally at least equal to 90 % of investment company taxable income , as defined by the Code and determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid , for each tax year .
An increase in MARCUS CORP ADR offset MARCUS CORP occupancy percentage declines during the Transition Period compared to the comparable prior year comparable period .
DXC was formed by the spin - off of HPES on March 31 , 2017 and merger of CSC with a wholly owned subsidiary of DXC on April 1 , 2017 .
On September 17 , 2014 , Eos Petro , Inc. entered into the Dune Merger Agreement with Dune , and Eos Delaware agreed to conduct a cash tender offer to purchase all of Dune 's issued and outstanding shares of common stock at $ 0.30 per share .
The provisions of this Section 2.4 shall terminate upon the earliest ( the Covenant Termination Date ) of ( i ) the expiration or termination of the Interim Period , ( ii ) until either Founder is no longer employed by TELETECH HOLDINGS INC , or ( iii ) Kaushal and Parul Mehta .
One 29 Park Management owns ten percent of One 29 Park , LLC , which operates a restaurant and manages the rooftop of a hotel located in New York , New York .
To the Unitholders of the SandRidge Mississippian Trust II and the Trustee of The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company , N.A. SandRidge Mississippian Trust II have audited the accompanying statements of assets and trust corpus of the SandRidge Mississippian Trust II ( the Trust ) as of December 31 , 2016 and 2015 , and the related statements of distributable income and of changes in trust corpus for each of the three years in the period ended December 31 , 2016 .
The Exchange Agreement , as amended June 6 , 2012 , provides for future redemptions of member interests and for the purchase of member interests in IBG LLC by IBG , Inc. from Holdings , which could result in IBG , Inc. acquiring the remaining member interests in IBG LLC that it does not own .
Net Loss : Acology Inc. net loss decreased from $ 799,630 for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , to $ 320,772 for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , because Acology Inc. net loss from operations was lower for the reasons set forth above , because Acology Inc. interest expense was lower in the year ended December 31 , 2016 , as compared with the year ended December 31 , 2015 .
Resource Real Estate Opportunity REIT II , Inc. ( the Company ) was organized in Maryland on September 28 , 2012 .
DAVEY TREE EXPERT CO treat all of DAVEY TREE EXPERT CO Canadian subsidiary earnings through December 31 , 2016 as permanently reinvested and have not provided any U.S. federal or state tax thereon .
cost overruns relating to improvements or the expansion of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT operations ; .
David B. Rottino Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
As of March 31 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , COLE CREDIT PROPERTY TRUST IV , INC . determined that it had a controlling interest in the Consolidated Joint Venture and therefore met the GAAP requirements for consolidation .
In addition , on June 4 , 2012 , YOD WFOE entered into a voting rights agreement with Sinotop Beijing and the sole shareholder of Sinotop Beijing , whereby YOD WFOE was entrusted with all of the voting rights of the sole shareholder of Sinotop Beijing .
Pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement and certain other agreements with NTELOS , NTELOS agreed to indemnify us from certain liabilities , and Lumos Networks Corp. agreed to indemnify NTELOS for certain liabilities .
From 2002 to 2012 , Mr. Johnson served as Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of SecurityNational Mortgage .
Mr. Clemmons , an Eagle Scout , has served as a volunteer to the Boy Scouts of America for over 35 years and has served in positions ranging from scoutmaster to counsel president and national committeeman .
This increase is primarily due to the net issuance of $ 3.2 million of Common Stock under the 2014 Distribution Agreement , partially offset by the $ 2.1 million loss and the $ 0.6 million subsidiary dividend paid to noncontrolling interests and Castle Brands Inc. total comprehensive loss for the nine months ended December 31 , 2015 .
In the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 , WHITE FOX VENTURES , INC . issued 57,955,283 shares of common stock to Company board members and officers and other investors , who had invested $ 817,088 in WHITE FOX VENTURES , INC . in the form of payment of various settlements and invoices outstanding .
In 2002 , a lawsuit was commenced in Los Angeles County California Superior Court against numerous energy companies , including AEP , alleging violations of California law through alleged fraudulent reporting of false natural gas price and volume information with an intent to affect the market price of natural gas and electricity .
During 2015 and 2014 , CommScope Holding Company , Inc. received proceeds of $ 2.8 million and $ 12.8 million , respectively , related to the sale of a portion of CommScope Holding Company , Inc. investment in Hydrogenics .
Upon closing of the transactions contemplated under the share exchange agreement , the GTCL Shareholders transferred all of the issued and outstanding equity of GTCL to Orbital Tracking Corp. in exchange for ( i ) an aggregate of 2,540,000 shares of the common stock of Orbital Tracking Corp. and 8,746,000 shares of the newly issued Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company ( the Series E Preferred Stock ) with each share of Series E Preferred Stock convertible into ten shares of common stock , ( ii ) a cash payment of $ 375,000 and ( iii ) a one - year promissory note in the amount of $ 122,536 .
Income ( loss ) before income taxes was increased by $ 79 million for Corporate due to a gain recognized upon refranchising COCA COLA CO remaining China bottling operations and related cost method investment .
The following pro forma financial information presents Xenia Hotels & Resorts , Inc. 's consolidated results of operations as if the 2017 and 2016 acquisitions had taken place on January 1 , 2016 .
Planet Fitness , Inc. was formed as a Delaware corporation on March 16 , 2015 for the purpose of facilitating an initial public offering ( the IPO ) and related transactions in order to carry on the business of Pla - Fit Holdings , LLC and its subsidiaries ( Pla - Fit Holdings ) .
The functional currencies for Zedge , Inc. s subsidiaries that operate outside of the United States are NOK for Zedge Europe AS and the Canadian dollar for Zedge Canada , Inc , which are the currencies of the primary economic environments in which they primarily expend cash .
On January 31 , 2011 , Enertopia Corp. entered into a letter of intent and paid US 7,500 deposit to Wildhorse Copper Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary Wildhorse Copper ( AZ ) Inc. ( collectively , the Optionors ) .
As of December 31 , 2015 , Mses .
Mr. Thompson has also served as a member of the Federal Reserve .
Related Party Transactions Michael Kors Holdings Ltd s Chief Creative Officer , Michael Kors , and Michael Kors Holdings Ltd s Chief Executive Officer , John Idol , and certain of Michael Kors Holdings Ltd s former shareholders , including Sportswear Holdings Limited , jointly owned Michael Kors Far East Holdings Limited , a BVI company , prior to Michael Kors Holdings Ltd 's acquisition of MKHKL on May 31 , 2016 , which eliminated their ownership interests .
GmbH ( VSG ) incorporated under the laws of Germany on July 6 , 2011 ; Varonis France SAS ( VSF ) incorporated under the laws of France on February 22 , 2012 ; Varonis Systems Corp. ( VSC ) incorporated under the laws of British Columbia , Canada on February 19 , 2013 ; Varonis Systems ( Ireland ) Limited incorporated under the laws of Ireland on November 11 , 2016 ; and Varonis Systems ( Australia ) Pty Ltd ( VSA ) incorporated under the laws of Victoria , Australia on February 28 , 2017 .
On December 19 , 2014 , Manitex International , Inc ( Manitex ) purchased 51 % of ASV from Terex pursuant to a joint venture arrangement with Terex ( the Joint Venture ) .
Bravo Multinational Inc. s loss from operations increased to $ 618,206 during the three months ended September 30 , 2016 as compared to $ 336,143 for the three months ended September 30 , 2015 .
Dated : December 8 , 2015 TEGNA INC . By : /s / Kevin E. Lord Name : Kevin E. Lord Title : Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer .
Dr. Roger Crystal , OPIANT PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . s Chief Executive Officer and a director , Kevin Pollack , OPIANT PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . s Chief Financial Officer and a director , Dr. Michael Sinclair , OPIANT PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . s Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board , and Geoffrey Wolf , a director , Ann MacDougall , a director , Thomas T. Thomas , a director , and Dr. Gabrielle Silver , a director , collectively beneficially own approximately 70.56 % of OPIANT PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . s outstanding Common Stock as of March 7 , 2017 .
TWO HANDS Corp revenue for the years ended December 31 , 2016 was $ 133,605 , compared to $ 35,900 for the year ended December 31 , 2015 .
The NEO base salaries for 2016 were as follows : Mr. Gill , President and Chief Executive Officer , $ 300,000 ; and Mr. MacNeill , Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Secretary , $ 258,596 .
In February 2015 , Entergy Mississippi provided notice to the Mississippi Public Utilities Staff that the storm damage provision would be set to zero effective with the March 2015 billing cycle as a result of Entergy Mississippi s storm damage provision balance exceeding $ 15 million as of January 31 , 2015 , but would return to its current level when the storm damage provision balance becomes less than $ 10 million .
The CommerceHub Spin - Off was accomplished by the distribution by Liberty of a dividend of ( i ) 0.1 of a share of CommerceHub s Series A common stock for each outstanding share of Liberty s Series A Liberty Ventures common stock as of 5:00 p.m , New York City time , on July 8 , 2016 ( such date and time , the Record Date ) , ( ii ) 0.1 of a share of CommerceHub s Series B common stock for each outstanding share of Liberty s Series B Liberty Ventures common stock as of the Record Date and ( iii ) 0.2 of a share of CommerceHub s Series C common stock for each outstanding share of Series A and Series B Liberty Ventures common stock as of the Record Date , in each case , with cash paid in lieu of fractional shares .
The income tax benefits of approximately $ 11 million , $ 735 million and $ 92 million for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , December 31 , 2014 , and December 31 , 2013 , respectively , are based on LinnCo , LLC s losses , primarily associated with the equity losses from its investment in LINN Energy .
HILLS BANCORPORATION was incorporated December 12 , 1982 and all operations are conducted within the state of Iowa .
Note 15 Notes Payable On March 24 , 2017 , PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust , through PennyMac Corp ( PMC ) and PMH , entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with Barclays Bank PLC ( Barclays ) , pursuant to which PMC and PMH may finance certain mortgage servicing rights ( inclusive of any related excess servicing spread arising therefrom and that maybe transferred from PMC to PMH from time to time ) relating to mortgage loans pooled into Freddie Mac securities ( collectively , the Freddie MSRs ) , in an aggregate loan amount not to exceed $ 170 million .
The current trading price of CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . common stock , or any further decline thereof , might impede CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional shares of CPE Inc. s common stock or other equity securities and may cause you to lose part or all of your investment in shares of CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . common stock .
Fiscal year 2017 versus fiscal year 2016 : The decrease in losses from continuing operations before income taxes was primarily driven by lower employee incentive compensation costs and lower spending across several functions , partially offset by an increase in projected environmental costs associated with CLOROX CO /DE/ 's former operations at a site in Alameda County , California in fiscal year 2017 ( See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information ) .
Ultratech shareholders received ( i ) $ 21.75 per share in cash and ( ii ) 0.2675 of a share of Veeco common stock for each Ultratech common share outstanding on the acquisition date .
Prior to his role at Health Advocate , Inc , Dr. Leibowitz served as executive vice president of digital health strategies and a member of the board of directors at Medicologic , Inc , where he was responsible for developing healthcare data , information services and strategies targeted at users of Semler Scientific , Inc. s electronic medical record system , as well as data customers including payors , pharmaceutical companies , employers , regulatory and government agencies .
Kerry J. McCullagh , Contact Minerals Corp. sole executive officer and sole director , controls 42 % of the issued and outstanding shares of Contact Minerals Corp. common stock .
Based on such review and discussion , the compensation committee has recommended to the Board of Directors that the section titled Executive Compensation be included in this Form 10 - K. Respectfully submitted by the members of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors : Marc Grondahl , Michael Layman and Pierre LeComte .
During the course of the litigation , the claims regarding distribution fees were dismissed without prejudice , the lineup of funds as plaintiffs changed several times , and the plaintiffs added as a defendant Hartford Funds Management Company ( HFMC ) , an indirect subsidiary of HARTFORD FINANCIAL SERVICES GROUP INC / DE that assumed the role of advisor to the funds as of January 2013 .
From October 1 , 2015 through December 31 , 2015 , AzurRx BioPharma , Inc. used the services of Edward Borkowski , a member of the Board of Directors and AzurRx BioPharma , Inc. s audit committee chair , as a financial consultant .
On February 26 , 2013 , Spectral Capital Corporation , through its subsidiary , Spectral Holdings , Inc. signed a definitive Technology Acquisition Agreement ( " Agreement " ) to acquire mobile search engine and mobile sharing technology from Fiveseas Securities Ltd. Under the Agreement , Spectral issued Fiveseas 5,000,000 common shares of Spectral Capital Corporation , par value $ 0.0001 .
Entergy New Orleans s financing activities provided $ 114.9 million of cash in 2015 compared to using $ 7.7 million of cash in 2014 primarily due to the issuance of $ 98.7 million of storm cost recovery bonds in July 2015 , and an $ 87.5 million capital contribution in 2015 in anticipation of Entergy New Orleans s purchase of Power Block 1 of the Union Power Station , partially offset by the purchase of Entergy Louisiana s Algiers assets in September 2015 .
John L. Hennessy , President of Stanford University , is a member of GOOGLE INC . Board of Directors .
In December 2016 , WYNN RESORTS LTD formed a joint venture ( the " Retail Joint Venture " ) with Crown to own and operate approximately 88,000 square feet of existing retail space at Wynn Las Vegas .
If Zoetis Inc. s effective tax rates were to increase , particularly in the United States or other material foreign jurisdictions , or if the ultimate determination of Zoetis Inc. s taxes owed is for an amount in excess of amounts previously accrued , Zoetis Inc. s operating results , cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected .
ORION FUTURES FUND LP does not agree with these conclusions and has presented defenses to them to the CAAG .
Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 Each of George S. Barrett , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Cardinal Health , Inc. ( the Company ) , and Michael C. Kaufmann , Chief Financial Officer of CARDINAL HEALTH INC , certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , that : ( 1 ) the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended December 31 , 2016 containing the financial statements of the Company ( the Periodic Report ) , which this statement accompanies , fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ( 15 U.S.C. 78 m or 78o(d ) ) ; and ( 2 ) the information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of CARDINAL HEALTH INC .
GLOBAL PARTNERS LP named executive officers include Mr. Eric Slifka , GLOBAL PARTNERS LP Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) , Ms. Daphne H. Foster , GLOBAL PARTNERS LP Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) , Mr. Mark A. Romaine , GLOBAL PARTNERS LP Chief Operating Officer ( COO ) , and the three most highly compensated executive officers of GLOBAL PARTNERS LP general partner other than GLOBAL PARTNERS LP CEO , CFO and COO during 2016 , who were Mr. Andrew Slifka , GLOBAL PARTNERS LP Executive Vice President and President of GLOBAL PARTNERS LP Gasoline Distribution and Station Operations Division ( GDSO ) , Mr. Edward J. Faneuil , GLOBAL PARTNERS LP Executive Vice President and General Counsel , and Mr. Charles A. Rudinsky , GLOBAL PARTNERS LP Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer .
If NanoString or its Affiliate or Sublicensee is required to make payments to a Third Party for the use of patent rights held by , or acquired from , such Third Party that Cover a Lam Collaboration Technology Product subject to royalties under Section 4.5.1(b ) , a Joint Collaboration Technology Product subject to royalties under Section 4.5.1(c ) , or a Royalty Secondary Component subject to the royalties under Section 4.5.1(d ) , NanoString will be entitled to credit up to fifty percent ( 50 % ) of the amounts actually paid by NanoString or its Affiliates or Sublicensees to such Third Parties against the royalties due to Lam under Section 4.5.1(b ) or Section 4.5.1(c ) , as applicable .
In addition , the functional currency of SunOpta Inc. Canadian operations is the U.S. dollar .
SOCIAL REALITY , Inc. are headquartered in Los Angeles , California .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Mustang Bio , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarterly period ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , David J. Horin , Interim Chief Financial Officer , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to my knowledge : .
COMPX INTERNATIONAL INC results of operations for the interim periods ended June 30 , 2017 may not be indicative of COMPX INTERNATIONAL INC operating results for the full year .
These seasonal trends have caused , and will likely continue to cause fluctuations in Ominto , Inc. quarterly results .
The following table sets forth the results of DENBURY RESOURCES INC drilling activities over the last three years .
MS Decoupe primarily manufactures and distributes wood construction , plastic , and metal labeling products in Belgium and the Netherlands , including distributing SIMPSON MANUFACTURING CO INC /CA/ 's products manufactured at SIMPSON MANUFACTURING CO INC /CA/ 's production facility in France .
SKYWEST INC passenger revenues , excluding fuel , landing fees , station rents and engine overhaul reimbursements from major partners , increased $ 7.6 million , or 0.3 % , during the year ended December 31 , 2014 , compared to the year ended December 31 , 2013 .
Mr. Saxe has served as the Chairman of VistaGen Therapeutics , Inc. Board of Directors , the Chairman of VistaGen Therapeutics , Inc. Audit Committee and a member of VistaGen Therapeutics , Inc. Compensation Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee throughout VistaGen Therapeutics , Inc. fiscal year ended March 31 , 2017 .
The severance accrual relates to the October 25 , 2014 termination of Joseph Pandolfino , 22nd Century Group , Inc. s former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer .
TROPIC INTERNATIONAL INC . completed a share exchange with Notox Bioscience Inc , a Nevada corporation ( Notox ) , and all the shareholders of Notox ( collectively , the Notox Shareholders ) pursuant to which TROPIC INTERNATIONAL INC . acquired all the issued and outstanding shares of Notox from the Notox Shareholders in exchange for the issuance of 100,000,000 restricted shares of TROPIC INTERNATIONAL INC . common stock to the Notox Shareholders on a 1,000 - for - one basis ( the Notox Share Exchange ) .
Christopher K. Mirabelli , Ph.D. Dr. Mirabelli , age 62 , has served as the Chairman of LEAP THERAPEUTICS , INC . Board of Directors since 2016 and has also served as LEAP THERAPEUTICS , INC . President and Chief Executive Officer since LEAP THERAPEUTICS , INC . inception in 2011 .
The employment agreement provides in part that ARC Group , Inc. will grant Mr. Akam shares of its common stock equal in value to $ 50,000 on January 1st of each year thereafter if Mr. Akam is continuously employed by ARC Group , Inc. through January 1st of the applicable year .
A decision by Delta or United to phase out code share relationships and instead acquire and operate their own regional jets could have a material adverse effect on SKYWEST INC financial condition , results of operations or the price of SKYWEST INC common stock .
Such laws , regulations and other constraints exist at the federal , state or local levels in the U.S , and at all levels of government in foreign jurisdictions , including regulations pertaining to distribution and sale of Ominto , Inc. products and services .
Following the sale of AR Global s membership interest in Crestline in April 2017 , Crestline is no longer under common control with AR Global and AR Capital .
In connection with the amended Annual Report of FISION Corporation , a Delaware corporation ( the Company ) , on Form 10 - K / A for the year ended December 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Michael Brown , Chief Executive Officer of FISION Corp and I , Garry Lowenthal , Chief Financial Officer of FISION Corp , do hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
Name Age Title David P. Hatfield Chief Executive Officer , President and Chairman of the Board Sandra J. Sheldon Chief Financial Officer Colin A. Hutchinson Chief Operating Officer Anthony J. Bender Chief Information Officer and Vice President of Global Business Services Peter J. Conrad Chief Administrative Officer Elizabeth E. Dreyer Vice President , Controller and Chief Accounting Officer John N. Hill Vice President , Global Human Resources Manish R. Shanbhag Chief Legal Officer , Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary .
The Dodd - Frank Act created a new agency , the FSOC , which is authorized to subject nonbank financial companies to the supervision of the Federal Reserve if the FSOC determines that , among other matters , material financial distress at VOYA RETIREMENT INSURANCE & ANNUITY Co or the scope of VOYA RETIREMENT INSURANCE & ANNUITY Co s activities could pose risks to the financial stability of the United States .
In connection with the Annual Report of The Blackstone Group L.P. ( the Partnership ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Michael S. Chae , Chief Financial Officer of Blackstone Group Management L.L.C , the general partner of the Partnership , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that to my knowledge : .
The following table summarizes DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. 's RSU activity for six months ended December 31 , 2015 : .
Specifically , if Medtronic plc were to be treated as a U.S. corporation for federal tax purposes , Medtronic plc would be subject to U.S. corporate income tax on Medtronic plc worldwide income , and the income of Medtronic plc foreign subsidiaries would be subject to U.S. tax when repatriated or when deemed recognized under the U.S. tax rules for controlled foreign corporations ( CFC 's ) .
Qualifications : Mr. Huennekens is qualified to sit on REVA Medical , Inc. Board due to his vast experience in executive positions with medical equipment manufacturers , his broad business background , his experience serving on multiple other boards of directors , and his strong financial background , including his work early in his career at Deloitte , a provider of tax , audit , and advisory services .
On December 17 , 2014 , Cytosorbents Corp received approval for up - listing to The NASDAQ Capital Market and Cytosorbents Corp common stock began trading on The NASDAQ Capital Market on December 23 , 2014 .
Digital Donations Technologies , Inc. s wholly - owned subsidiary , Digital Donations , has two full time employees , one of whom is Keith Orlean , the President , director and shareholder of Digital Donations Technologies , Inc. and the other which is an employee of Mr. Orlean .
The ability of SemiLEDs Corp subsidiaries in Taiwan to pay dividends , repay intercompany loans from us or make other distributions to us is restricted by , among other things , the availability of funds , the terms of various credit arrangements entered into by SemiLEDs Corp subsidiaries , as well as statutory and other legal restrictions .
In addition to natural risks such as earthquake , flood , lightning , hurricane and wind , the generation of power in Bayonne and its transmission of power from Bayonne to Brooklyn via the submarine cable exposes us to other hazards such as fire , explosion , structural collapse and equipment failure both in respect of BEC and Macquarie Infrastructure Corp adjacent Bayonne operations at IMTT .
BROOKLINE BANCORP INC , through its wholly owned subsidiary , Brookline Securities Corp , held 9,721 shares of restricted equity securities of NRS .
Emerald Data Inc revenue from inception through November 30 , 2016 was $ 322,727 .
Storage Solutions Revenue for the Storage Solutions segment was $ 71.0 million in the three months ended September 30 , 2017 compared to $ 199.5 million in the same period a year earlier , a decrease of $ 128.5 million .
From 2011 through 2014 , IBG , Inc. issued 8,025,517 shares of common stock directly to Holdings in exchange for an equivalent number of member interests in IBG LLC .
Additionally , La Quinta Holdings Inc. first or second quarter results may be further adversely affected by the timing of certain of La Quinta Holdings Inc. marketing production expenditures .
In recommending annual incentive compensation for Mr. Grubb , Mr. Bok considered Mr. Grubb s roles as the Firm s Chief Financial Officer , as the Firm s primary spokesman with stockholders and prospective investors , and as a senior banker within the Firm s corporate advisory business , with a focus on restructuring advisory work .
Mr. Grisko joined CBIZ as Vice President , Mergers Acquisitions in September 1998 and was promoted to Senior Vice President , Mergers Acquisitions and Legal Affairs in December of 1998 .
The increase in Genpact LTD effective tax rate is primarily due to certain special economic zone units in India becoming partially taxable , partly offset by certain discrete items .
Indemnities that GCP Applied Technologies Inc. may be required to provide Grace are not subject to any cap , may be significant and could negatively impact GCP Applied Technologies Inc. business , particularly indemnities relating to GCP Applied Technologies Inc. actions that could impact the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the distribution and certain related transactions .
AIRXPANDERS INC net revenue from sales of AeroForm was approximately $ 0.6 million for the year ended December 31 , 2016 and , as of December 31 , 2016 , AIRXPANDERS INC had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $ 11.5 million .
David R. Koos is the sole officer and director of Bio - Matrix Scientific Group Inc.and has voting and dispositive control over common shares of Regen held by Bio - Matrix Scientific Group Inc. Includes 710 common shares of Regen BioPharma Inc beneficially owned by the AFN Trust for which Mr. Koos serves as trustee .
The discussion and analysis also identifies significant factors that have affected BANK OF SOUTH CAROLINA CORP financial position and operating results as of March 31 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , and should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes included in this report .
On May 28 , 2017 , Star Century Entertainment Corporation , a shareholder of INTERNATIONAL LEADERS CAPITAL Corp , agreed to sell 25,000 shares of INTERNATIONAL LEADERS CAPITAL Corp s Series B preferred shares , representing approximately 99 % of the voting control of INTERNATIONAL LEADERS CAPITAL Corp , to ILC Holdings , LLC , an unrelated third party , and INTERNATIONAL LEADERS CAPITAL Corp experienced a change in control .
Since 2004 , Ms. O ' Brien has been President of Independence , Inc , a firm engaged in providing consulting services to start - up biotechnology companies ( Diasome , Get Better Health , LifeCell Dx ) .
Manufacturing , sales , promotion and other activities following product approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in addition to the FDA , including , in the United States , the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services , other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services , the Drug Enforcement Administration , the Consumer Product Safety Commission , the Federal Trade Commission , the Occupational Safety Health Administration , the Environmental Protection Agency and state and local governments .
During the six months ended December 31 , 2015 , NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC purchased 669,000 shares of common stock of NetSol PK from the open market for $ 347,623 resulting in a decrease in non - controlling interest from 34.90 % to 34.15 % .
SHB , which was incorporated in China in July 2005 , is an insurance brokerage firm engaging in general insurance brokerage in relation to property , motor vehicle , liability indemnity , health and accident , etc .
AL Marine was incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands on May 30 , 2005 for the sole purpose of acting as a holding company for interests in several affiliated operating businesses .
In connection with this Quarterly Report of EMR Technology Solutions , Inc. ( the Company ) , on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I , John X. Adiletta , Principal Executive Officer of EMR Technology Solutions , Inc , certify to the best of my knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
In connection with the periodic report of Alleghany Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , John L. Sennott , Jr , Senior Vice President and chief financial officer of ALLEGHANY CORP /DE , hereby certify as of the date hereof , solely for purposes of Title 18 , Chapter 63 , Section 1350 of the United States Code , that to my knowledge : ( 1 ) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and ( 2 ) the information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated .
In September 2013 , Cytosorbents Corp entered into a strategic partnership with Biocon Ltd. ( Biocon ) , India s largest biotech company , with an three - year initial Distribution Agreement , for India and select emerging markets under which Biocon has the exclusive commercialization rights for CytoSorb initially focused on sepsis .
Puerto Rico was declared a disaster zone by President Trump due to the impact of the hurricanes , thus making it eligible for Federal assistance .
Whitestone REIT will increase Whitestone REIT concentration of properties in the Houston and Dallas metropolitan areas as a result of the acquisitions of Eldorado Plaza and BLVD Place , which could have an adverse effect on Whitestone REIT operations if the Houston or Dallas market is adversely affected by economic or other conditions .
CPI Card Group Inc. operate approximately 498,000 square feet of facilities in the United States , Canada and the United Kingdom , where CPI Card Group Inc. focus on Financial Payment Card production and personalization services .
Regent Technologies , Inc , formerly Regent Petroleum Corporation , was incorporated under the laws of the State of Colorado on January 18 , 1980 .
Mr. Mason is President and a director and Mr. Bristow is an officer and director of Meridian .
Quorum Health Corp same - facility operating results for the three months and years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 and the three months ended September 30 , 2016 , which are reported herein , have been adjusted to exclude the operating results of Sandhills , which Quorum Health Corp sold on December 1 , 2016 .
Due to his unique status as a founder and the long - time chief executive officer of Blackstone Group L.P. firm , Mr. Schwarzman vests in 100 % of his carried interest participation related to any investment by a carry fund upon the closing of that investment .
Foreign Currency Forward Contracts Not Designated as Hedging Instruments CALLAWAY GOLF CO uses foreign currency forward contracts that are not designated as qualifying cash flow hedging instruments to mitigate certain balance sheet exposures ( payables and receivables denominated in foreign currencies ) , as well as gains and losses resulting from the translation of the operating results of CALLAWAY GOLF CO s international subsidiaries into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes .
If Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. terminates the Investment Advisory Agreement with GBA , Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. will be required to repay GBA all reimbursements funded by GBA within three years of the date of termination , subject to the limitation that organization and offering costs will only be 1.5 % of gross proceeds .
Under current Hong Kong law , Surge Limited is required to have at least two shareholders .
Certificate of Merger , dated September 30 , 2014 , of Houston City Bancshares , Inc. with and into Independent Bank Group , Inc , which is incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q , dated July 31 , 2015 .
Mr. Enck joined the managing owner on March 1 , 2007 , with more than 20 years of extensive management experience with large , highly regulated health care organizations such as Bristol - Myers Squibb and Quintiles as well as with more entrepreneurial venture capital funded organizations .
As a result , if IMMUNOMEDICS INC common stock were traded on the Pink Sheets , there would likely be a further negative affect on the liquidity , trading market and price of IMMUNOMEDICS INC common stock even compared to what IMMUNOMEDICS INC might suffer if IMMUNOMEDICS INC were traded on the OTC Bulletin Board .
OrangeHook , Inc , a Minnesota corporation ( " OrangeHook MN " ) , was formed on October 17 , 2014 , to acquire select software applications and technology that service consumer , healthcare , and governmental organizations .
Common Stock Offerings On May 25 , 2017 , Sanchez Energy Corp entered into an equity distribution agreement with Citigroup Global Markets , Inc , BMO Capital Markets Corp , Capital One Securities , Inc , RBC Capital Markets , LLC and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey , Inc. and filed with the SEC a prospectus supplement to Sanchez Energy Corp shelf registration statement that allows us to issue from time to time shares of Sanchez Energy Corp common stock up to an aggregate gross amount of $ 75 .
Dr. George E. Anastassov - Chairman of the Board , Chief Executive Officer .
The primary factors that affect the comparability of Taylor Morrison Home Corp results of operations are Taylor Morrison Home Corp IPO in 2013 , the disposal of Monarch and gain on foreign currency hedge in January 2015 , and the acquisitions of JEH and Orleans Homes in the second and third quarters of 2015 , respectively .
Ms. Killinger has also served as President of Reliant , a subsidiary of NRG , since October 2012 .
Because CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . currently operate only in the PRB , which does not have metallurgical coal , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . produce only thermal coal .
Further , changes in governmental regulations both in the United States and in the other countries where SEARS HOLDINGS CORP operate could have adverse effects on SEARS HOLDINGS CORP business and subject us to additional regulatory actions .
J M SMUCKER Co interest rate exposure primarily includes U.S. Treasury rates , London Interbank Offered Rate , and commercial paper rates in the U.S. J M SMUCKER Co utilize derivative instruments to manage changes in the fair value and cash flows of J M SMUCKER Co debt .
On July 26 , 2017 , Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. entered into a Fifth Amendment to the Registration Rights Agreement , dated as of March 28 , 2014 , with NNA .
Nutriband Inc. ( the Company or Nutriband ) was incorporated in the State of Nevada in January 2016 .
In addition to Orexigen Therapeutics , Inc. U.S. operations , Orexigen Therapeutics , Inc. have a subsidiary in Ireland and may establish additional international business entities in the future .
Bryan H. Draper , as Chief Executive Officer and President of Owens Realty Mortgage , Inc. ( the " Registrant " ) , and Melina A. Platt , as Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , that : .
Makh Group Corp. net loss for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2015 was $ 773 compared to a net loss of $ 37,397 during the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2016 .
Mr. Stroever currently serves on the advisory board for the New Jersey Organ and Tissue Sharing Network .
On May 3 , 2017 , Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd. registration statement on Form S-1 , as amended ( File No 333 - 217214 ) was declared effective by the SEC in connection with Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd. IPO , pursuant to which Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd. sold 11,385,000 of Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd. common shares at a public offering price of $ 17.00 per share , including the full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares .
NATIONAL SECURITY GROUP INC 's P C segment consists of the consolidated operations of two subsidiaries , National Security Fire Casualty Company ( NSFC ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of NATIONAL SECURITY GROUP INC organized in 1959 , and Omega One Insurance Company ( Omega ) , a wholly owned subsidiary of National Security Fire Casualty Company organized in 1992 .
SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO provide additional information regarding regulatory matters and development projects at the California Utilities in Factors Influencing Future Performance below and in Notes 13 and 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .
As of June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , the fair value of SJW GROUP s investment in California Water Service Group was $ 3,680 and $ 3,390 , respectively , and would be categorized as Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy .
As a result of the transaction with Biotechnology International , CHINA GEWANG BIOTECHNOLOGY , INC . owns all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Hong Kong Gewang Holdings Group Limited ( Hong Kong Gewang ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary of Biotechnology International , which in turn owns all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Gewang Selenium Enrichment Information Consulting ( Shenzhen ) Co , Ltd.
The increase in 2016 pension expense was driven by the fact that the investment returns on the assets of the WHX Pension Plan were lower than actuarial assumptions during 2015 , partially offset by a full - year of income from the JPS Pension Plan , as compared to a partial year in 2015 .
New Media s digital revenue was $ 106.9 million for the year ended December 27 , 2015 , an 85 % growth as compared with the same period in 2014 , which had digital revenue of $ 57.9 million .
For the three and six month periods ended June 30 , 2017 ( for Futura , the period from the acquisition on February 15 , 2017 to June 30 , 2017 ) , Tredegar s consolidated results of operations and its Aluminum Extrusions business segment included the following Futura results : sales of $ 22.5 million and $ 30.8 million , respectively , operating profit from ongoing operations of $ 2.8 million and $ 3.8 million , respectively , depreciation and amortization of $ 1.4 million and $ 1.9 million , respectively , and capital expenditures of $ 0.5 million and $ 0.9 million , respectively .
Prologis , L.P. significant noncash investing and financing activities for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , and 2016 included the following : .
During 2013 , Strategic Storage Growth Trust , Inc. Advisor purchased a limited partnership interest in Strategic Storage Growth Trust , Inc.
Ronald L. Shape , Ed . D. President , Chief Executive Officer and Director .
William G. Manias has served as USA Compression Partners , LP Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since July 2013 .
T ROY A. C LARKE Troy A. Clarke Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
Similarly , to the extent that the U.S. dollar is stronger in current or future periods relative to the exchange rates in effect in the corresponding prior periods , IDEXX LABORATORIES INC /DE growth rate will be negatively affected .
The promissory note is secured in first position against all assets of Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. subsidiary , Alta Disposal Ltd , pursuant to a general security agreement between Alta Disposal and JDF .
Crescent Village is located in Cincinnati , Ohio , Willow Bend is located in Columbus ( Hilliard ) , Ohio and Postwoods is located in Reynoldsburg , Ohio .
During the year ended December 31 , 2014 , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC increased SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC valuation allowance by $ 7.8 million to $ 58.9 million .
During the twelve months ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP decreased its allowance for mortgage losses by $ 31,000 and increased its allowance for mortgage losses by $ 389,000 , respectively , which was charged to bad debt expense and included in selling , general and administrative expenses for the period .
Exhibit 10.2 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed November 16 , 2015 .
In addition to the other risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10 - K , factors that may affect INSTRUCTURE INC quarterly operating results include : .
Cost of sales from General Finance CORP manufactured products totaled $ 1.4 million in QE FY 2017 , as compared to $ 1.9 million in QE FY 2016 , resulting in reducing General Finance CORP gross margin loss from $ 0.7 million in QE FY 2016 to $ 0.4 million in QE FY 2017 .
SEI AK was located in South Korea and provided domestic equity and fixed income investment management services to financial institutions and pension funds .
WageWorks , Inc , ( together with its subsidiaries , WageWorks or the Company ) was incorporated in the state of Delaware in 2000 .
Prior to joining ICON Capital , Ms. Yap was previously a Vice President and Fund Controller at W.P. Carey Inc. from October 2011 to December 2012 .
NOODLES & Co have never declared or paid any cash dividends on NOODLES & Co common stock , except for the Class C common stock dividend paid to Argentia , the previous holder of the one outstanding share of NOODLES & Co Class C common stock , which was redeemed in connection with NOODLES & Co initial public offering ( " IPO " ) .
Palo Alto Networks Inc contractual subscription and support terms are typically one to five years .
On December 31 , 2015 , ADDVANTAGE TECHNOLOGIES GROUP INC acquired the net operating assets of Advantage Solutions , LLC in Kingsport , Tennessee .
SAMUEL GOLDFINGER Chief Financial Officer March 30 , 2016 Samuel Goldfinger ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
BioPharmX Corporation ( the Company ) is incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware and originally incorporated on August 30 , 2010 in Nevada under the name Thompson Designs , Inc.
On September 30 , 2015 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with LG Capital Funding , LLC .
Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ( MD A ) relates to HealthSouth Corporation and its subsidiaries and should be read in conjunction with HEALTHSOUTH CORP condensed consolidated financial statements included under Part I , Item 1 , Financial Statements ( Unaudited ) , of this report and HEALTHSOUTH CORP audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31 , 2016 and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations which are included in HEALTHSOUTH CORP Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 ( the 2016 Form 10 - K ) .
Corporate Use of Personal Aircraft Eric E. Schmidt beneficially owns 100 % of one aircraft and 33 % of another aircraft , both of which are used by Eric and GOOGLE INC . other executive officers from time to time for business trips .
In connection with the accompanying Annual Report of American Power Group Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended September 30 , 2016 ( the Report ) , I , Lyle Jensen , President and Chief Executive Officer of AMERICAN POWER GROUP Corp , hereby certify that , to my knowledge : .
Battlers Corp. board of directors is currently composed of one member , Stepan Feodosiadi , who does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market .
The income of Ensco plc non - U.K. subsidiaries is not subject to U.K. taxation .
Due to the issuance of Series A Preferred Stock to BKC in connection with CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . 2012 acquisition , BKC beneficially owns approximately 20.8 % of CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . common stock as of March 4 , 2016 ( assuming conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock ) .
The potential requirement to convert Blackstone Group L.P. financial statements from being prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America to International Financial Reporting Standards may strain Blackstone Group L.P. resources and increase Blackstone Group L.P. annual expenses .
To assure the continuing ability of certain vessels owned by TIDEWATER INC s subsidiaries to engage in U.S. coastwise trade , the number of shares of TIDEWATER INC s common stock that would otherwise be issuable to the allowed General Unsecured Creditors may be adjusted to assure that the foreign ownership limitations of the United States Jones Act are not exceeded .
Third , BIOLARGO , INC . entered into a financing agreement with Lincoln Park Capital ( detailed below ) through which BIOLARGO , INC . are able to sell stock to Lincoln Park on an as - needed basis .
The investment in MPLI is carried at a value of $ 6.8 million at both March 31 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , and is included in other noncurrent assets within the condensed consolidated balance sheets .
Read Co. Inc. and active in the private equity and energy areas , including the founding of the first Yorktown Partners fund in 1991 .
On December 28 , 2009 James Bowdring , the brother of Director Robert Bowdring invested $ 100,000 acquiring 666,667 shares of restricted common stock .
The increase in Company - owned store margin is due primarily to a larger portion of retail revenues being derived by U - Swirl Company - owned caf s and the associated higher margins , compared to Company - owned Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory locations .
A 100 basis point change in BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC gift card breakage rate as of January 2 , 2016 would not have had a material impact on BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC results .
Hughes Satellite Systems Corp annual report on Form 10 - K , quarterly reports on Form 10 - Q , current reports on Form 8 - K , and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended , may also be accessed free of charge through the website of Hughes Satellite Systems Corp parent company , EchoStar , as soon as reasonably practicable after Hughes Satellite Systems Corp have electronically filed such material with , or furnished it to , the SEC .
For the three and six months ended June 30 , 2016 , CAC recognized $ 24.4 million and $ 48.8 million , respectively , of income before tax from its equity method investment in CGP LLC , which equals the amount of income that Caesars Acquisition Co were entitled to under Caesars Acquisition Co minimum guaranteed return .
On January 28 , 2016 , the Gelson s Joint Venture used Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. capital contributions , together with the proceeds of a loan from Buchanan Mortgage Holdings , LLC in the amount of $ 10,700,000 , to purchase certain real property located at the corner of Sunset Boulevard and Gardner in Hollywood , California ( the Gelson s Property ) from a third party seller , for a total purchase price of $ 12,950,000 .
For the year ended December 31 , 2014 , since the date of acquisition , LDI contributed $ 5,306,000 to CYBEROPTICS CORP revenue and $ 537,000 to CYBEROPTICS CORP net loss .
Exports of NantHealth , Inc. products and solutions outside of the United States must be made in compliance with these laws and regulations .
Ms. Sorensen and Ominto , Inc. CEO
Fred Alexander served as a member of ARC Group , Inc. board of directors and as an executive officer of Blue Victory during the years ended December 31 , 2016 and 2015 .
Ms. Aufreiter also serves on the boards of directors of The Kroger Company , one of the world s largest supermarket operators , the Bank of Nova Scotia , Canada s most international bank with operations in over 55 countries and Cadillac Fairview , one of North America 's largest owners , operators and developers of commercial real estate .
Recursos Queliz , Inc. were incorporated in the State of Nevada on September 20 , 2012 under the name Recursos Queliz , Inc. Table of Contents .
lower Entergy Wholesale Commodities net revenue , excluding the effect of revenues resulting from the FitzPatrick reimbursement agreement with Exelon , in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016 , as discussed above .
On July 16 , 2014 , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp acquired the remaining 50 % interest in IMTT that it did not previously own .
The following discussion relates to the compensation of River Financial Corp Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) , Jimmy Stubbs , River Financial Corp President , Gerald R. Smith , Jr , and River Financial Corp Chief Financial Officer ( CFO ) , Kenneth H. Givens , who are collectively referred to herein as River Financial Corp named executive officers of River Financial Corporation .
Monster Digital , Inc , Monster Digital , Inc , us , and Monster Digital , Inc , refer to Monster Digital , Inc. and its wholly - owned subsidiary SDJ Technologies , Inc. Overview .
The following table sets forth , for the fiscal periods indicated , the high and low sales prices for CYBEROPTICS CORP common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Global Market .
James M. Loree James M. Loree President and Chief Executive Officer February 15 , 2017 .
The reduction in research and development primarily reflected additional fine tuning related to the shutdown of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC engineering operations in Australia and the move of research and development activities previously done in Australia to Austria , as well as reductions related to re - prioritizing projects for VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC services platform .
Mr. Shah served as Finance Manager at Covidien Ltd , a medical device company since acquired by Medtronic , from May 2014 through September 2014 .
If Blackstone Group L.P. were taxed as a U.S. corporation or held all ISPIs through U.S. corporations , Blackstone Group L.P. effective tax rate could increase significantly .
The following table presents a summary of Lumos Networks Corp. cash flow activity for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 .
INC implants , biologics and disposables are currently sold and shipped from NUVASIVE INC primary distribution and warehousing operations facility located in Memphis , Tennessee .
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of ABMT and its wholly owned subsidiaries , Masterise and its 70 % owned subsidiary , Shenzhen Changhua .
In connection with the Spin - off , EchoStar entered into a separation agreement with DISH Network that provides , among other things , for the division of certain liabilities , including liabilities resulting from litigation .
Accordingly , INSTRUCTURE INC effective tax rates will vary depending on the relative proportion of foreign to U.S. income and changes in tax laws .
Furthermore , DISH Network holds shares of preferred tracking stock of EchoStar and us that in the aggregate represents an 80.0 % economic interest in Hughes Satellite Systems Corp residential retail satellite broadband business .
Mr. Post has served as Chief Executive Officer of Cloud5 , the largest provider of cloud based telecommunications and high speed Internet to major brands in the hospitality industry , including Marriott , IHG , Hilton , La Quinta , Motel 6 and Red Roof Inn , since January 2015 .
Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. are seeking a market maker to file an application with FINRA so as to be able to quote the shares of Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. common stock on the OTCBB maintained by FINRA commencing in the second quarter of 2016 .
Because BIOTIME INC use the equity method of accounting for the common stock of Asterias and OncoCyte that BIOTIME INC hold at fair value , BIOTIME INC will recognize gain or loss to the extent that the market value of Asterias and OncoCyte common stock changes from calendar quarter to calendar quarter , regardless of whether BIOTIME INC sell any of those shares .
On January 29 , 2016 , Washington Prime Group , L.P. completed the sale of Forest Mall , located in Fond Du Lac , Wisconsin , and Northlake Mall , located in Atlanta , Georgia .
KADANT INC sell KADANT INC products globally and operate multiple manufacturing operations worldwide , including operations in Canada , China , Europe , Mexico , and Brazil .
The following table sets forth BELLICUM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 : .
REALNETWORKS INC named executive officers for 2016 include the following executive officers : Robert Glaser Founder , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer William Patrizio President , Consumer Media ( Mr. Patrizio joined RealNetworks in September 2016 ) Massimiliano Pellegrini President , Mobile Services Michael Parham SVP , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary Marjorie Thomas SVP , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer ( Ms. Thomas will depart from REALNETWORKS INC effective May 5 , 2017 ) Pay for Performance .
Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , I , Martin A. Sumichrast , Chief Executive Officer , and I , Mark S. Elliott , the Chief Financial Officer , of Level Brands , Inc , do hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
During 2013 , CENTENE CORP financing activities primarily related to borrowings under CENTENE CORP revolving credit facility , the sale of $ 15 million of common stock to fund the escrow account for the acquisition of AcariaHealth and the repayment of a mortgage note .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 ( the Report ) of Spark Energy , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( the Company ) , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , Nathan Kroeker , Chief Executive Officer of Spark Energy , Inc. and Robert Lane , Chief Financial Officer of Spark Energy , Inc , each certify , pursuant 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to his knowledge : .
Regarding FBR & Co. due from brokers , dealers and clearing organizations balances , during 2015 and 2014 , as part of FBR & Co. s investing activities , FBR & Co. entered into short - sales of U.S. Treasury Securities .
When Macquarie Infrastructure Corp acquired Hawaii Gas , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp agreed to 14 regulatory conditions with the HPUC that address a variety of matters including : a requirement that the ratio of consolidated debt to total capital for Hawaii Gas and HGC Holdings LLC ( HGC ) does not exceed 65 % ; and a requirement to maintain $ 20.0 million in readily - available cash resources at Hawaii Gas , HGC or MIC .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Netlist , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( Netlist ) for the quarter ended April 1 , 2017 ( the Report ) , Chun K. Hong , president , chief executive officer and chairman of the board of Netlist , and Gail M. Sasaki , vice president and chief financial officer of Netlist , each hereby certifies , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to his or her knowledge : .
From November 2009 to present Mr. MacLellan has been an independent director of ChinaNet Online Holdings ,
32 Certification of Francis E. Campbell , President and Chief Executive Officer , and Christopher G. McCourt , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
For example , on January 30 , 2017 , President Trump issued an Executive Order directing all executive agencies , including the FDA , that , for each notice of proposed rulemaking or final regulation to be issued in fiscal year 2017 , the agency shall identify at least two existing regulations to be repealed , unless prohibited by law .
Similarly , according to U.S rankings for the Apple App Store and Google Play Store , per App Annie Intelligence as of June 2017 , the top 10 mobile games have an average tenure of 26 months .
If the United States and European Union were to impose additional sanctions on Russian businesses , or if Russia were to take retaliatory action against U.S. companies operating in Russia , SELECTA BIOSCIENCES INC research and development activities with respect to SELECTA BIOSCIENCES INC program for HPV associated cancers currently conducted by Selecta RUS , or any other research and development activities with respect to SELECTA BIOSCIENCES INC other immune stimulation programs conducted by Selecta RUS in the future , could be adversely affected .
The credit facility with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ( Asia ) Limited ( ICBC ) provides for borrowings up to HK$8,000,000 ( approximately $ 1,032,000 ) , which bears interest at a rate of 1 % per annum below the ICBC s Hong Kong Dollar Best Lending Rate and are guaranteed by the Hong Kong Mortgage Corporation Limited ( HKMC ) , and Ms. Mei Ling Law and Mr. Kwok Leung Lee , directors of GREEN DRAGON WOOD PRODUCTS , INC . Procedures for Approval of Related Party Transactions .
CHEETAH ENTERPRISES , INC . objective is to provide quality used vehicles at a reasonable price to customers in Costa Rica , through CHEETAH ENTERPRISES , INC . wholly - owned Costa Rican subsidiary , Cheetah Autos SA .
The Amendment allows certain of L Brands , Inc. 's non - U.S. subsidiaries to borrow and obtain letters of credit in U.S. dollars , Canadian dollars , Euros , Hong Kong dollars or British pounds .
In addition to the geographically situated facilities that MOSAIC CO own , MOSAIC CO U.S. distribution operations also include leased distribution space or contractual throughput agreements in other key geographical areas such as California , Florida , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kentucky , Louisiana , Minnesota , Nebraska , North Dakota , Ohio , Oklahoma , Texas and Wisconsin .
PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO adopted the guidance in the first quarter of 2015 and it did not have an effect on PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO s results of operations , financial condition or cash flows .
SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC activities and investments in Iran , Syria , Sudan and Cuba in the aggregate accounted for approximately 0.310 % of SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC consolidated revenues during the year ended December 31 , 2015 .
Ms. Kurtz has also been appointed as chief financial officer , secretary and treasurer of the Advisor and the Property Manager , effective upon the effectiveness of Mr. Radesca 's resignation .
Under the terms of the agreement , Mr. Quist is to devote his full time to SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP serving as its Chairman of the Board , President , and Chief Executive Officer at not less than his current salary and benefits .
FBR & Co. also lease office space in the following locations where FBR & Co. conduct certain portions of FBR & Co. capital markets operations : Boston , Massachusetts ; Dallas , Texas ; Houston , Texas ; Los Angeles , California ; New York , New York ; and San Francisco , California .
Other investors in Kykuit include Richard M. Osborne , Gas Natural Inc. former chairman and chief executive officer ; JDOG , a publicly held gas exploration company , which is also the managing member of Kykuit ; Thomas J. Smith , a former director of ours and Gas Natural Inc. former chief financial officer and a director of JDOG ; and Gregory J. Osborne , Gas Natural Inc. chief executive officer and member of Gas Natural Inc. board of directors and the former president and director of JDOG .
Due to the seasonality of SEARS HOLDINGS CORP business , SEARS HOLDINGS CORP annual operating results would be adversely affected if SEARS HOLDINGS CORP business performs poorly in the fourth quarter .
Prior to Investor s acquisition of Units , Galen Partners III , LP and Essex Woodlands Health Ventures Fund V , L.P. or their affiliates were ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC s largest shareholders and beneficially owned approximately 18.5 % and 16.5 % , respectively , of ACURA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC s Common Stock .
Corporate Officers The names and titles of JONES LANG LASALLE INC corporate executive officers , as of March 31 , 2017 , were as follows : Global Executive Board Christian Ulbrich Chief Executive Officer and President Christie B. Kelly Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Richard Bloxam Global Head of Capital Markets Anthony Couse Chief Executive Officer , Asia Pacific John Forrest Chief Executive Officer , Global Americas Corporate Solutions Guy Grainger Chief Executive Officer , Europe , Middle East and Africa Jeff A. Jacobson Chief Executive Officer , LaSalle Investment Management Patricia Maxson Chief Human Resources Officer Gregory P. O ' Brien Chief Executive Officer , Americas Additional Global Corporate Officers Louis F. Bowers James S. Jasionowski Controller Chief Tax Officer .
This provision of LinnCo , LLC limited liability company agreement could have an anti - takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by LinnCo , LLC board of directors , including discouraging takeover attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for LinnCo , LLC shares or LINN Energy s units .
CAMPBELL SOUP CO have employed Mr. DiSilvestro in an executive or managerial capacity for at least five years .
As a result , dividends paid to us by BeiGene , Ltd. PRC subsidiaries are expected to be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of 10 % .
FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP /OH/ also compete on a nationwide basis with respect to franchisee lending through FIRST FINANCIAL BANCORP /OH/ franchise finance subsidiary , First Franchise Capital and with respect to insurance agency lending through Oak Street Funding .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT make certain estimates and judgments in preparing CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT financial statements regarding , among others : .
Monsanto uses interest rate contracts to minimize the variability of forecasted cash flows arising from MONSANTO CO /NEW/ s consolidated VIE in Brazil .
As of September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , Calumet Specialty Products Partners , L.P. owned an equity interest of approximately 23.8 % in PACNIL , and through that ownership Calumet Specialty Products Partners , L.P. owned an equity interest of approximately 6.0 % in Hi - Speed .
As reported by the EIA , annual coal production in the U.S. for 2015 is estimated to be down 11 % .
Exhibit 10.2 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed January 8 , 2016 .
Mr. Greenstein serves on the boards of Ohr Pharmaceutical , Inc , NanoVibronix Inc , and Regal Bank of New Jersey .
For the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 , operating activities used approximately $ 12.7 million in cash , primarily as a result of Aerpio Pharmaceuticals , Inc. net loss of $ 13.5 million , offset by approximately $ 0.8 million of non - cash charges of stock compensation expense , non - cash interest expense , amortization of debt issuance costs and depreciation expense .
Wheelabrator business , WASTE MANAGEMENT INC also divested WASTE MANAGEMENT INC Puerto Rico operations as well as certain landfill and collection operations in WASTE MANAGEMENT INC Eastern Canada Area in 2014 .
In Southhaven , Mississippi , INTUITIVE SURGICAL INC lease 117,000 square feet of space for service operations and will be used for future expansion of INTUITIVE SURGICAL INC operations .
The following table provides a summary of the net cash provided by ( used in ) SKYWEST INC operating , investing and financing activities for the years ended December 31 , 2014 and 2013 , and SKYWEST INC total cash and marketable securities position as of December 31 , 2014 and December 31 , 2013 ( in thousands ) .
The provision for income taxes differs from the amount computed by applying the statutory U.S. federal rate principally due to the effect of GLU MOBILE INC non - U.S. operations , non - deductible stock - based compensation expense and change in foreign withholding taxes .
Orbital Tracking Corp. UK subsidiary , GTCL , relaunched a new mobile friendly website in February 2016 .
Blake W. Nordstrom Blake W. Nordstrom Co - President and Interim Chief Financial Officer of Nordstrom , Inc. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Nordstrom , Inc. and will be retained by Nordstrom , Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request .
Enphase Energy , Inc. contract with third parties , including one of Enphase Energy , Inc. contract manufacturers , to serve as Enphase Energy , Inc. logistics providers by warehousing and delivering Enphase Energy , Inc. products in the United States , Europe and Asia .
As of February 2013 when Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. terminated the Offering , Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. had accepted subscriptions for , and issued , 10,688,940 shares of common stock in the Offering for gross offering proceeds of $ 104,700,000 , and 391,182 shares of common stock pursuant to the DRIP for gross offering proceeds of $ 3,620,000 .
Kye Abraham , President , Chairman of the Board and Director .
The increase of $ 1.1 million , or 47 % , in the three months ended June 30 , 2017 , compared to the three months ended June 30 , 2016 , resulted primarily from an increase in ON TRACK INNOVATIONS LTD revenues .
I , Christine H. Yap , Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of ICON GP 14 , LLC , the General Partner of the Registrant , in connection with the Quarterly Report of ICON Equipment and Corporate Infrastructure Fund Fourteen , L.P. ( the Partnership ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Quarterly Report ) , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
HP INC have not provided U.S. taxes for all foreign earnings because HP INC plan to reinvest some of those earnings indefinitely outside the United States .
Noncontrolling interests represented a 49 % of equity interest in Ning Xiang since the date of acquisition , reduced to 34 % beginning in April 2013 , reduced to 13 % beginning in November 2013 , and further reduced to 7 % beginning in December 2014 .
For additional information regarding these and other risks associated with GCP Applied Technologies Inc. operations in Venezuela , refer to the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .
For the U.K. pension plan , the assumed weighted average discount rate was selected in consultation with GCP Applied Technologies Inc. independent actuaries , based on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of sterling - denominated high quality bonds for which the timing and amount of cash outflows approximate the estimated payouts of the plan .
Advances On June 18 , 2008 , International Stem Cell CORP entered into an agreement with BioTime , Inc.
The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of shares as of April 21 , 2017 by ( 1 ) each director , nominee for director , and named executive officer of Quest Resource Holding Corp company , ( 2 ) all directors and executive officers of Quest Resource Holding Corp company as a group , and ( 3 ) each person known by us to own more than 5 % of Quest Resource Holding Corp common stock .
RPC INC operations in various countries including , but not limited to , Africa , Canada , Argentina , China , Mexico , Eastern Europe , Latin America and the Middle East are subject to risks .
The U.K. Regulated segment consists of PPL Global , which primarily includes WPD 's regulated electricity distribution operations , the results of hedging the translation of WPD 's earnings from GBP into U.S. dollars , and certain costs , such as U.S. income taxes , administrative costs , and certain acquisition - related financing costs .
HILLS BANCORPORATION s subsidiary is Hills Bank and Trust Company , Hills , Iowa .
COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORP also provide COLUMBUS MCKINNON CORP products to the U.S. and other governments for a variety of military applications .
The following table summarizes the results of DEEP WELL OIL & GAS INC drilling activities in the Peace River oil sands area of Alberta during the fiscal years ended September 30 , 2017 , 2016 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 .
The loss of the services of any of EGAIN Corp senior management or other key personnel , including EGAIN Corp Chief Executive Officer and co - founder , Ashutosh Roy , could harm EGAIN Corp business .
In September 2016 , Summit Healthcare REIT , Inc formed the Fantasia JV , which is owned 20 % by the Operating Partnership and 80 % by Fantasia .
ALERE INC . other primary manufacturing operations are in Scarborough , Maine ; Hangzhou and Shanghai , China ; Jena , Germany ; Matsudo , Japan ; Oslo , Norway ; Dundee , United Kingdom ; Ottawa , Canada ; and Yongin , South Korea .
NUVASIVE INC sell NUVASIVE INC p roducts in the United States through a sales force comprised primarily of exclusive independent sales agents and directly - employed sales representatives , both engaged to sell only NuVasive products .
R. Andrew Watts R. Andrew Watts Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer .
In 2016 , Alexander & Baldwin , Inc. invested $ 15.4 million in Waihonu Equity Holdings , LLC ( " Waihonu " ) , an entity that operates two photovoltaic facilities with a combined capacity of 6.5 megawatts in Mililani , Oahu .
ATMOS ENERGY CORP also experienced increases in ATMOS ENERGY CORP Mississippi and West Texas Divisions .
Concurrent with the appointment of Mr. Loeb as President and CEO , ACORN ENERGY , INC . entered into a consulting arrangement with Leap Tide Capital Management LLC pursuant to which Leap Tide Capital Management LLC received a monthly fee of $ 17,000 and provided the services of Mr. Loeb to ACORN ENERGY , INC . as President and CEO and such other services mutually agreed upon with the Company .
ACM Research , Inc. intend to reinvest indefinitely ACM Research , Inc. PRC earnings as of September 30 , 2017 outside of the United States , and ACM Research , Inc. therefore have not provided for taxes with respect to the remissions of such earnings from the PRC to the United States .
Overview and Background Griffin - American Healthcare REIT IV , Inc , a Maryland corporation , was incorporated on January 23 , 2015 and therefore Griffin - American Healthcare REIT IV , Inc. consider that Griffin - American Healthcare REIT IV , Inc. date of inception .
On November 30 , 2015 , ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC , ORAMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC . Israeli subsidiary and HTIT entered into a Technology License Agreement , and on December 21 , 2015 these parties entered into an Amended and Restated Technology License Agreement that was further amended by these parties on June 3 , 2016 and July 24 , 2016 , or the License Agreement .
Additionally , Regional includes an allocation of corporate overhead such as IT , finance , other administrative costs incurred by Alaska and on behalf of Horizon .
From 2007 to 2009 Mr. Bell served as Senior Vice President Finance and Planning for Harry David Holdings , Inc , and from 2002 to 2007 , he was Senior Director of Finance and Controller for international clothing retailer Gap , Inc.
Greg McKee President and CEO Robert T. Smith Senior Vice President , CFO Mark Taylor Senior Vice President , COO , Trust Officer Ray Stone Senior Vice President , Senior Credit Officer Erdis Chaney Vice President , Senior Deposit Officer Ledale Reynolds Vice President and CIO Jackie Hester Vice President , Marketing Officer Darrel Bates Vice President Jean T. Fulton Vice President , Internal Auditor Gayle Sharp Vice President , Loan Operations Manager Brad Copeland Vice President Mark Majure Vice President , Loan Review Officer Vicki Brown Vice President , BSA Officer Bob Posey Vice President Mike Chandler Vice President Stacy Arnold Vice President , Compliance Officer Joshua Sullivan Vice President , Senior Credit Analyst Elizabeth Owen Vice President , Director of Human Resources , Chief Risk Officer Sommer Vick Assistant Vice President Assistant Trust Officer Beth Branning Assistant Vice President Mitch Peden Assistant Vice President , Information Services Manager Mark Flake Assistant Vice President , Network Services Manager Pat Stokes Assistant Vice President Operations Officer Scott Lewis Assistant Vice President Information Security Officer Sam Mars Assistant Vice President .
Upon acquisition , Silanis became VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC wholly - owned subsidiary .
In addition , two self - regulatory bodies in the United States ( the Entertainment Software Rating Board ) and in the European Union ( Pan European Game Information ( PEGI ) ) provide consumers with rating information on various products such as entertainment software similar to GLU MOBILE INC products based on the content ( for example , violence , sexually explicit content , language ) .
Pursuant to the Amended SAPA , Kodak operated the Business relating to the deferred closing jurisdictions , subject to certain covenants , until the applicable deferred closing occurred , and delivered to ( or received from ) a KPP subsidiary at each deferred closing a payment reflecting the actual economic benefit ( or detriment ) to the Business in the applicable deferred closing jurisdiction(s ) from September 1 , 2013 through the time of the applicable deferred closing .
Dr. Stoll served as a member of the board of directors of The Options Clearing Corporation from 2005 to 2008 and he has been president of the American Finance Association .
Zydus Pharmaceuticals USA , Inc. In June 2008 , Kadmon Holdings , Inc. entered into an asset purchase agreement with Zydus Pharmaceuticals USA , Inc. ( Zydus ) and Cadila Healthcare Limited where Kadmon Holdings , Inc. purchased all of Zydus rights , title and interest to high dosages of ribavirin .
Inc. s statutory rate related to certain tax and book basis timing differences decreased by 4.0 % , calculated by multiplying the 11.4 % decrease in Parsley Energy , Inc. s ownership of Parsley LLC by Parsley Energy , Inc. s federal tax rate of 35 % .
ENCISION INC strategic marketing and sales plan is designed to expand the use of ENCISION INC products in surgically active hospitals and surgery centers in the United States .
Effective July 12 , 2017 , Winton Master , Transtrend Master and Willowbridge Master each entered into certain agreements with JPMorgan in connection with trading in forward foreign currency contracts on behalf of the referenced Funds and indirectly , the Partnership .
Mr. Linehan joined Red Lion Hotels CORP company as Executive Vice President , Chief Marketing Officer in February 2014 .
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS : Justin Yorke is the manager of the JMW Fund , LLC , the San Gabriel Fund , LLC , and the Richland Fund , LLC ; and is a director of the Company .
MOSAIC CO quarterly financial results can vary significantly from one year to the next due to weather - related shifts in planting schedules and purchasing patterns .
On November 9 , 2015 , MEDRESPONSE CORP . issued 2,000,000 shares of common stock to Turo LLC , a company controlled by Dr. Malone , the CEO and Director of MEDRESPONSE CORP . at that time .
For more than 15 years prior to joining Possis , Mr. McCarrey served in a series of progressively responsible roles with two divisions of C.R. Bard , United States Catheter and Instrument Corporation ( USCI ) which specialized in the treatment of coronary disease in the cardiac catheterization laboratory and Davol , an operating room division that promoted Thoraclex and Simpulse to cardiovascular and orthopedic surgeons .
W. Paul Bowers Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer .
Additionally , changes to the U.S. tax code could more broadly impact the U.S. economy , which could potentially result in a material impact , either positive or negative , on the demand for OneMain Holdings , Inc. products and services and the ability of OneMain Holdings , Inc. customers to repay their loans .
The majority of costs incurred since inception relate to the following projects : the implementation of COLGATE PALMOLIVE CO s overall hubbing strategy ; the extension of shared business services and streamlining of global functions ; the consolidation of facilities ; the closing of the Morristown , New Jersey personal care facility ; the simplification and streamlining of COLGATE PALMOLIVE CO s research and development capabilities and oral care supply chain , both in Europe ; redesigning the European commercial organization ; restructuring how COLGATE PALMOLIVE CO will provide future retirement benefits to substantially all of the U.S.-based employees participating in COLGATE PALMOLIVE CO s defined benefit retirement plan by shifting them to COLGATE PALMOLIVE CO s defined contribution plan .
Specifically , with respect to ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . Genetic Medicine pipeline , ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . formed a broad strategic alliance with Sanofi Genzyme in 2014 pursuant to which ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . retain development and commercial rights for ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . current and future Genetic Medicine products in the United States , Canada and Western Europe , and Sanofi Genzyme has the right to develop and commercialize ALNYLAM PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . current and future Genetic Medicine products principally in the rest of the world , subject to certain broader rights .
In addition , Zena Energy , L.L.C , a subsidiary within LSB INDUSTRIES INC Chemical Business owns certain natural gas working interests in natural gas properties located in the Marcellus Shale Formation in the state of Pennsylvania .
MAGICJACK VOCALTEC LTD U.S. operations are subject to a federal statutory income tax rate of 34 % , and MAGICJACK VOCALTEC LTD Israeli operations are subject to a statutory income tax rate of 26.5 % in 2015 and 2014 .
( 1 ) James M. Cassidy , former president and former director of Franklin Hill Acquisition Corp , is the sole shareholder and director of Tiber Creek Corporation , a Delaware corporation , which company has agreed to assist Franklin Hill Acquisition Corp in registering its stock and introductions to the brokerage community .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Westlake Chemical Partners LP ( the " Partnership " ) on Form 10 - Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , I , Albert Chao , President , Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Partnership , and I , M. Steven Bender , Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Partnership , certify , to the best of Westlake Chemical Partners LP knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 )
CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL INC /DE conduct CHOICE HOTELS INTERNATIONAL INC /DE operations in Brazil and certain other South American territories through a non - exclusive master franchise relationship with Atlantica Holdings International , Ltd. ( " Atlantica " ) .
During the fourth quarter of 2015 , Nucor assessed its equity investment in Duferdofin Nucor for impairment due to unfavorable operating performance and deterioration in financial projections caused by increased global overcapacity in 2015 .
depend on the efforts , skill , reputations and business contacts of Carlyle Group L.P. senior Carlyle professionals , including Carlyle Group L.P. founders , Messrs. Conway , D Aniello and Rubenstein , and other key personnel , including members of Carlyle Group L.P. executive group , Carlyle Group L.P. management committee , the investment committees of Carlyle Group L.P. investment funds and senior investment teams , the information and deal flow they and others generate during the normal course of their activities and the synergies among the diverse fields of expertise and knowledge held by Carlyle Group L.P. professionals .
For purposes of presenting Carlyle Group L.P. results of operations for this segment , Carlyle Group L.P. include only Carlyle Group L.P. 55 % economic interest in the results of operations of Claren Road , ESG and , for periods prior to July 1 , 2015 , Carlyle Commodity Management .
JetPay Payments , TX retains a backup center in Sunnyvale , Texas consisting of 1,600 square feet , rented from JT Holdings , an entity controlled by Trent Voigt , the previous Chief Executive Officer of JetPay Payments , TX .
Programming Agreement : On or about June 23 , 2014 , eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp entered into a license agreement with Bistromatics Corp , to which one of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp directors , Curtis Hollister , is Chief Marketing Officer , pursuant to which eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp obtained a perpetual license to use the programming code created by a video management platform as a base to develop eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp telemedicine video service for a license fee of $ 20,000 ; $ 2,000 of which was due upon execution , $ 5,000 of which is due on August 1 , 2014 and the $ 13,000 balance is due by September 15 , 2014 .
Robert J. Hassler , Director Robert J. Hassler has served as a director of Northern Tier Energy LP since November 2014 .
Thomas F. Kissinger joined MARCUS CORP company in August 1993 as MARCUS CORP Secretary and Director of Legal Affairs .
Although SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC services have not been heavily regulated in the past , SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC are authorized by the FCC to offer certain of SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC services on an interstate and international basis ; SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC operate SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC number portability operations in Singapore and India pursuant to licenses granted by these governments and SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC are registered as a money service business in the United Kingdom in connection with SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC financial clearing business .
EQUITY LIFESTYLE PROPERTIES INC included a risk factor in EQUITY LIFESTYLE PROPERTIES INC 2016 Form 10 - K related to EQUITY LIFESTYLE PROPERTIES INC insurance coverage - Some Potential Losses Are Not Covered by Insurance , whereby EQUITY LIFESTYLE PROPERTIES INC disclosed that EQUITY LIFESTYLE PROPERTIES INC then current property and casualty insurance policies were to expire on April 1 , 2017 and that EQUITY LIFESTYLE PROPERTIES INC planned to renew those policies .
The functional currencies for Castle Brands Inc foreign operations are the Euro in Ireland and the British Pound in the United Kingdom .
The notes to the unaudited consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in PARADISE INC s Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
FINISAR CORP corporate headquarters and a portion of FINISAR CORP manufacturing operations are located in California , and FINISAR CORP principal manufacturing operations and those of most of FINISAR CORP key suppliers and contract manufacturers are located in Asia .
Because substantially all of China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc earnings and cash assets are denominated in RMB , but China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc reporting currency is the U.S. dollar , fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the RMB will affect China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc balance sheet and China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc earnings per share in U.S. dollars .
QuantumSphere , Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on December 1 , 2005 and formerly known as Way Cool Imports , Inc. ( WYCC ) .
Mr. Milinazzo served as president and chief executive officer of Orthofix International N.V , a Nasdaq - listed medical device company , until August 2011 , a position he was promoted to in 2006 after being hired a year earlier as chief operating officer .
Global Brokerage , Inc. operating subsidiaries are regulated in a number of jurisdictions outside the United States ( U.S. ) , including the United Kingdom ( U.K. ) , where regulatory passport rights have been exercised to operate in a number of European Economic Area jurisdictions , and Australia .
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Dave Boennighausen .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ( a ) Mr. Poling resigned as President and Chief Operating Officer of Grace effective February 3 , 2016 .
Ashford Inc. also have an obligation to issue approximately 15,000 remaining shares of Ashford Inc. common stock to Mr. Archie Bennett , Jr , over five years beginning in 2017 , which is the end of Mr. Archie Bennett s deferral period .
As of March 15 , 2016 , LINN Energy had not agreed to provide any cash contribution to LinnCo , LLC .
Substantially concurrent with the completion of the IPO on May 13 , 2013 and in connection with the Formation Transactions , the Operating Partnership acquired 100 % of the interests in Bermuda Crossroads and Smith 's Landing .
On May 27 , 2016 , Mr. Newton was appointed as President , Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and Treasurer , prior to this appointment Mr. Newton was a Director of the Company .
Mexico Operations Cost of sales for SUPERIOR INDUSTRIES INTERNATIONAL INC Mexico operations increased by $ 44.4 million in 2015 when compared to 2014 , which is mainly driven by a 17 % increase in wheel shipments .
The industry standard VAT rate for all of China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc s concrete products sold in the PRC was 6 % of the gross sales price prior to July 1 , 2014 .
While this tax has been suspended by legislation for 2016 and 2017 , it s return thereafter ( or earlier ) and potential increases from the 2.3 % level in future years would negatively impact IRADIMED CORP operating results .
For the U.S. pension plans , the assumed weighted average discount rate was selected in consultation with GCP Applied Technologies Inc. independent actuaries , based on a yield curve constructed from a portfolio of high quality bonds for which the timing and amount of cash outflows approximate the estimated payouts of the plan .
The $ 102.0 million decrease in J.G. Wentworth Co loss before income taxes was principally due to a $ 75.0 million decrease in J.G. Wentworth Co pre - tax loss from J.G. Wentworth Co Structured Settlements segment that was the result of : ( i ) $ 121.6 million in impairment charges recognized during the year ended December 31 , 2015 as compared to $ 5.5 million in impairment charges recognized during the year ended December 31 , 2016 and ( ii ) a $ 15.1 million decrease in advertising expense as part of J.G. Wentworth Co previously announced cost - saving initiatives , partially offset by a $ 62.8 million unfavorable change in realized and unrealized gains on VIE and other finance receivables , long term debt and derivatives driven by lower TRB purchases and a decrease in realized and unrealized gains on unsecuritized finance receivables .
In addition , YuMe Inc have operations in Europe , Latin America and China , and may continue to expand YuMe Inc international operations into other countries .
REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's effective tax rate for 2015 was higher than the federal statutory rate of 35 % due principally to : ( i ) foreign and U.S. tax effects attributable to operations outside the U.S. ; ( ii ) state and local taxes ; and ( iii ) foreign dividends and earnings taxable in the U.S , partially offset by the net reduction of valuation allowances in certain foreign jurisdictions .
Exhibit 32.1 RULE 13(a)-14(b ) CERTIFICATION In connection with the Quarterly Report of Brandywine Realty Trust ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Gerard H. Sweeney , President and Chief Executive Officer of BRANDYWINE OPERATING PARTNERSHIP , L.P , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Inc. President and Chief Executive Officer , Michael A. Narachi , Orexigen Therapeutics , Inc. Chief Business Officer and acting - Chief Financial Officer , Joseph P. Hagan , and Orexigen Therapeutics ,
On September 1 , 2016 , Alphatec Holdings , Inc. completed the sale of its international distribution operations and agreements to Globus Medical Ireland , Ltd , a subsidiary of Globus Medical , Inc , and its affiliated entities ( collectively Globus ) , including Alphatec Holdings , Inc. s wholly - owned subsidiaries in Japan , Brazil , Australia and Singapore and substantially all of the assets of Alphatec Holdings , Inc. s other sales operations in the United Kingdom and Italy ( collectively , the International Business ) , pursuant to a purchase and sale agreement , dated as of July 25 , 2016 ( as amended , the Purchase and Sale Agreement ) ( the Globus Transaction ) .
From April 1991 to March 2006 , Mr. Cardoza was employed by Quest Diagnostics Inc , a diagnostic testing , information and services company , in a number of positions , including the position of Controller Central Region from 2001 to March 2006 .
H&E Equipment Services , Inc. revenues from equipment rentals for the nine month period ended September 30 , 2017 increased $ 21.3 million , or 6.4 % , to $ 351.3 million from $ 330.0 million in the nine month period ended September 30 , 2016 .
By /s/ John A. Roberts Name : John A. Roberts Title : Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President , Finance .
GCP Applied Technologies Inc. believe these plans , backed by the Grace corporate ethics program and the Grace Core Values , have been successful in aligning the interests of the executives and senior employees with the interests of the shareholders and in encouraging the responsible pursuit of corporate objectives by Grace employees .
Christine H. Yap Christine H. Yap Managing Director ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
U.S. income taxes on the undistributed earnings of INSTRUCTURE INC non - U.S. subsidiaries have not been provided for as INSTRUCTURE INC currently plan to indefinitely reinvest these amounts and have the ability to do so .
Outside of Texas LUBYS INC operated one in each of the following states : North Carolina , Georgia , Oklahoma , Louisiana , Missouri , and Massachusetts .
VMWARE , INC . non - U.S. earnings are primarily earned by VMWARE , INC . subsidiaries organized in Ireland , and as such , VMWARE , INC . annual effective tax rate can be significantly affected by the composition of VMWARE , INC . earnings in the U.S. and non - U.S. jurisdictions .
On May 3 , 2017 , NETLIST INC entered into the TRGP Agreement , which generally provides that TRGP will directly fund the costs incurred by us or on NETLIST INC behalf in connection with certain of NETLIST INC legal proceedings against SK hynix , including costs incurred since January 1 , 2017 and costs to be incurred in the future in NETLIST INC first ITC action and NETLIST INC U.S. district court proceedings , but excluding NETLIST INC subsequent ITC action and NETLIST INC proceedings in international courts .
Mr. McKeirnan has been Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary since February 2013 .
In the fiscal year of 2016 , due to the update of GMP certificate which prevents HLJ Huimeijia from selling products during this period , China Health Industries Holdings , Inc. sales network covered 11 provinces and 4 Municipalities in China and China Health Industries Holdings , Inc. products were mainly sold in Beijing , Zhejiang , Jiangsu , Shanghai , Gansu , Anhui , Jilin and Liaoning provinces or cities .
Macquarie Infrastructure Corp believe GA flight activity will continue to expand along with increased economic activity in the U.S. and that Macquarie Infrastructure Corp business will continue to enjoy better than industry average flight activity as a result of its presence in some of the more popular business and recreational destinations in the U.S.
As of July 29 , 2017 , Ascena Retail Group , Inc. operated approximately 4,800 stores in the United States , Canada and Puerto Rico .
Form of Indemnification Agreement for executive officers , entered into between Net Element International , Inc. and each of Jonathan New , Dmitry Kozko , and Francesco Piovanetti ( incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Net Element , Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the quarterly period ended March 31 , 2013 , filed with the Commission on May 15 , 2013 ) .
Mr. Sedor has served as PERNIX THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS , INC . Chief Executive Officer and as Chairman of PERNIX THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS , INC . Board since July 2016 and has served as a member of PERNIX THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS , INC . Board since March 2014 .
The undersigned , Kevin Donahue , President of C - III Asset Management LLC ( f / k / a Centerline Servicing LLC ) , the Special Servicer under that certain Pooling and Servicing Agreement dated as of April 1 , 2016 , relating to the Citigroup Commercial Mortgage Trust 2016 - P3 , Commercial Mortgage Pass - Through Certificates , Series 2016 - P3 ( the Pooling and Servicing Agreement ) , hereby certifies as follows : .
Changes to the tax system in the U.S. could have significant effects , positive and negative , on ENPRO INDUSTRIES , INC effective tax rate , and on ENPRO INDUSTRIES , INC deferred tax assets and liabilities .
On February 21 , 2014 , CPE Resources entered into a five - year Credit Agreement with PNC Bank , National Association , as administrative agent , and a syndicate of lenders , which was amended on September 5 , 2014 ( as amended , the Credit Agreement ) .
In connection with the acquisition , HGI entered into employment agreements with the previous owner and key employees of NLEX .
The increase of $ 5.5 million was primarily due to the following increases : $ 3.1 million of employee - related costs to support CRISPR Therapeutics AG overall growth , $ 2.9 million in facilities costs including rent and utilities at CRISPR Therapeutics AG new research facility , $ 1.8 million of employee stock based compensation costs and $ 0.5 million in professional services costs .
In addition , CatchMark Timber TRS , Inc. ( CatchMark TRS ) , a Delaware corporation , was formed as a wholly owned subsidiary of CatchMark Timber OP in 2006 .
If those liabilities are significant and CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . are ultimately held liable for them , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . may not be able to recover the full amount of CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . losses from Rio Tinto .
By : /S / STEVEN W. KING Steven W. King , President CEO .
For the period ended September 30 , 2017 , the Dow , NASDAQ and S P ended with increases of 13 % , 19 % and 13 % , from December 31 , 2016 , respectively .
Sitestar.net provides services to customers in the United States and Canada .
In 2002 , ALAMO GROUP INC purchased substantially all of the assets of Faucheux Industries S.A. ( Faucheux ) , a French manufacturer of front - end loaders and attachments .
further amended POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank , National Association , to increase POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . revolving line of credit facility to $ 100.0 million and $ 125.0 million , respectively ( collectively with the Amended Wells Credit Agreement , the Amended Wells Credit Agreement II ) .
Employees have the opportunity to purchase shares of HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA s common stock at periodic intervals through accumulated payroll deductions that will be applied at semi - annual intervals to purchase shares of common stock at a discount from the market price as defined by the ESPP .
Peter D. Noymer , Ph . D , has served as SteadyMed Ltd. Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since December 2016 .
On November 23 , 2016 , Sorrento Therapeutics , Inc. and the other Borrowers entered into the Loan Agreement with Hercules .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT Common Stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol CTWS .
In certain countries where GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER CO /OH/ operate , such as China and South Africa , transfers of funds into or out of such countries by way of dividends , loans , advances or payments to third - party or affiliated suppliers are generally or periodically subject to certain requirements , such as obtaining approval from the foreign government and/or currency exchange board before net assets can be transferred out of the country .
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk As a result of the acquisition of Bats , Cboe Global Markets , Inc. expanded Cboe Global Markets , Inc. operations in Europe and Asia and are subject to increased currency translation risk as revenues and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies , primarily the British pound , Singapore dollar and the Euro .
In August 2014 , Cytosorbents Corp announced exclusive distribution of CytoSorb in Taiwan with Hemoscien Corporation , which was subsequently terminated by us in March 2015 due to the complexity of Taiwanese FDA product registration .
Upon distribution of SCICLONE PHARMACEUTICALS INC foreign undistributed earnings , SCICLONE PHARMACEUTICALS INC may be subject to U.S. federal and state income taxes .
For example , President Trump pledged to reverse the prior Administration s policies that disadvantaged coal as a fuel for energy production .
FelCor is the sole general partner of , and the owner of a greater than 99.5 % partnership interest in , FelCor Lodging Limited Partnership , or FelCor LP , through which FelCor Lodging LP held ownership interests in 41 hotels with 12,443 rooms at December 31 , 2015 .
As a condition to the merger agreement in connection with the acquisition of TASC , Engility Holdings , Inc. entered into a Stockholders Agreement , dated February 26 , 2015 , with Birch Partners , LP ( Birch ) , and for the limited purposes set forth therein , certain investment funds affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts Co. L.P. ( KKR ) and certain investment funds affiliated with General Atlantic LLC ( GA ) ( the Stockholders Agreement ) .
Fenton R. Pete Talbott has served on the Board of Directors of STONEMOR PARTNERS LP general partner since STONEMOR PARTNERS LP formation in April 2004 and had served as Chairman of the Board of Cornerstone from April 2000 through April 2004 .
Michael Castagna . Chief Executive Officer ( on behalf of the registrant and as the registrant s Principal Executive Officer ) .
Gary B. Aman Gary B. Aman President and Acting Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) Dated : August 21 , 2017 By : /s/ Richard Dicks Richard Dicks Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
The following explanation of certain items that impacted the comparability of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC 2015 results with 2014 has been provided to support investors understanding of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC performance .
On or around February 16 , 2017 , the court dismissed IHA s action and declared the claimant liable for the Expedia defendants statutory costs .
From August 1991 through March 1993 , Mr. Egan was employed by Dean Witter Intercapital , the asset management arm of Dean Witter Reynolds , Inc , where his responsibilities included serving as a mutual fund administration associate .
Management s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon FNB BANCORP / CA/ s consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
Todd M. Cleveland . Chief Executive Officer and Director .
The officers of Alabama Power were elected for at the meeting of the directors held on April 24 , 2015 for a term of one year or until their successors are elected and have qualified , except for Mr. Barker whose election as Executive Vice President was effective February 22 , 2016 .
Market Information LSB INDUSTRIES INC common stock is trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol LXU .
Royalty payments are based on a royalty rate of 3.75 % of AxoGen s revenues up to a maximum of $ 30 million in revenues in any 12 - month period .
director Bruno Wu , who serves as the Chairman , Chief Executive Officer and as a director of SSS .
Compared to 2013 Revenues and Comparable Store Sales Kmart s revenues decreased by $ 1.1 billion to $ 12.1 billion in 2014 due to the effect of having fewer stores in operation in 2014 , which accounted for approximately $ 968 million of the decline .
During the fourth quarter of 2015 , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . recorded non - cash impairments of $ 52.2 million related to port access rights and $ 6.0 million related to CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . equity investment in GPT .
Organization and Description of the Trust The CurrencyShares Chinese Renminbi Trust ( the Trust ) was formed under the laws of the State of New York on August 16 , 2011 .
Once INFINITY PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . have fully reimbursed Mundipharma and Purdue , the Trailing Mundipharma Royalties will be reduced to 1 % of net sales in the United States .
VIVEVE MEDICAL , INC . are currently located in Sunnyvale , California .
As more fully described in Note 1 , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. and U - Swirl entered into the U - Swirl Loan Agreement pursuant to which U - Swirl could borrow up to $ 7.75 million from Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. to fund acquisitions .
Ryan C. Farris President , Ally Wholesale Enterprises LLC , as Depositor ( Senior officer in charge of securitization of the depositor ) .
The information required by Item 10 relating to directors and nominees for election of directors at the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareowners , the timely filing of reports under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , audit committees and audit committee financial experts , and Alliant Energy s , IPL s and WPL s Code of Conduct is incorporated herein by reference to the relevant information in the 2016 Alliant Energy Proxy Statement , which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of Alliant Energy s , IPL s and WPL s fiscal years .
In addition , since GCP Applied Technologies Inc. manufacture a portion of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. construction products and packaging products in emerging regions using raw materials from suppliers in the U.S , Europe and other advanced economies , changes in the values of the currencies of these emerging regions versus the U.S. dollar , the euro and the currencies of other advanced economies in which GCP Applied Technologies Inc. purchase raw materials , may adversely affect GCP Applied Technologies Inc. raw material costs .
Prior to joining Carlyle in 2005 , Mr. Hance served as Vice Chairman of Bank of America from 1993 until his retirement on January 31 , 2005 and served as Chief Financial Officer from 1988 to 2004 .
InspireMD , Inc. operations could be disrupted as a result of the obligation of certain of InspireMD , Inc. personnel residing in Israel to perform military service .
MANHATTAN SCIENTIFICS INC net loss including the noncontrolling 49.9 % interest in Imagion was $ ( 1,654,000 ) for three months ended March 31 , 2017 compared to $ ( 1,896,000 ) for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 .
9 Table of Contents Until First America Resources Corp generate more operating revenues or receive other financing , all First America Resources Corp costs , which First America Resources Corp will incur irrespective of First America Resources Corp business development activities , including bank service fees and those costs associated with SEC requirements associated with staying public , will be funded by Jian Li , First America Resources Corp President and Director .
On June 1 , 2016 , Shisheng entered into ( i ) an Equity Transfer Agreement ( Equity Transfer Agreement ) with Wuxi Huitong Automobile Sales and Service Co , Ltd.
Mark A. Crosswhite Chairman , President , and Chief Executive Officer Age 54 Elected in 2014 .
As of June 30 , 2017 , FONAR CORP has twenty two management agreements of which three are with PC s owned by Raymond V. Damadian , M.D , Chairman of the Board of FONAR ( the Related medical practices ) and nineteen are with PC s , which are all located in the state of New York ( the New York PC s ) , owned by two unrelated radiologists .
Concurrently with entering into the purchase agreement , ATOSSA GENETICS INC also entered into a registration rights agreement with Aspire Capital , in which ATOSSA GENETICS INC agreed to file one or more registration statements , as permissible and necessary to register under the Securities Act of 1933 , registering the sale of the shares of ATOSSA GENETICS INC Common Stock that have been and may be issued to Aspire Capital under the purchase agreement .
The decrease in the rate in 2014 is primarily attributable to a significant increase in earnings from VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC foreign operations , the majority of which were taxed at the lower rate in Switzerland versus other higher taxed jurisdictions in Europe .
In conjunction with the acquisition , PAPERWEIGHT DEVELOPMENT CORP entered into two indemnification agreements under which Arjo Wiggins Appleton Limited , now known as Windward Prospects Ltd ( formerly AWA ) , the former parent of Appvion , agreed to indemnify PDC and PDC agreed to indemnify Appvion for the costs , expenses and liabilities related to certain governmental and third - party environmental claims , referred to as the Fox River Liabilities .
Mr. Hunt is manager and owner of DP and RVCA and also serves as an officer and director of the Company .
Dr. Atwood is also President and the principal shareholder of Cypress Abbey Company .
Mr. Coelho also served as Chairman of the President s Committee on Employment of People with Disabilities from 1994 to 2001 .
Although the majority of SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC operations are conducted in U.S. dollars , a portion of SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC foreign operations are conducted in Euros and Great British Pounds .
The $ 13 million increase in Micro 3D Printing and Packaging revenues was driven by volume improvements within Packaging ( $ 15 million ) primarily due to a larger installed base of Flexcel NX systems driving growth in revenues from Flexcel NX consumables .
Mr. Martin also served as Vice President Information Technology for MS Co , a financial services firm , from June 1984 through October 1989 , where his responsibilities included acting as Senior Developer and Programming Manager Prime Brokerage and Securities Clearance Systems , and as Part - time Manager IT Training Program .
The conversion rate was based on the last reported sale price of HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA s common shares on the New York Stock Exchange of $ 39.16 on August 7 , 2012 .
David M. Blackman President and Chief Operating Officer .
Costs Associated with Termination As previously disclosed , in May 2015 , Hudson Global , Inc. incurred compensation and benefits obligations to its former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , Manuel Marquez , under his employment agreement , dated March 7 , 2011 , in connection with Hudson Global , Inc. providing Mr. Marquez notice of non - renewal of his employment agreement , which was treated as a termination without cause .
Under the Employment Agreement , Mr. Phipps will serve as Orbital Tracking Corp. s Chief Executive Officer and President , and receive an annual base salary equal to the sum of $ 144,000 and 48,000 , or $ 73,370 at the yearly conversion rate of 1.52855 .
Excluding The Flats at Carrs Hill , RREEF Property Trust , Inc. multifamily property , as of June 30 , 2017 , RREEF Property Trust , Inc. weighted average remaining lease term was 6.6 years .
SPEAR T - cells in the markets in which Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC operate , both in the United States and internationally ; .
The undersigned , ActiveCare , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( " Borrower " ) , promises to pay ADP Management Corporation , a Utah corporation ( " Lender " ) , at 1401 North 1075 West , Suite 240 , Farmington , Utah 84025 or at such other place as Lender may designate in writing , the original principal sum of $ 339,015.55 together with other amounts which may become due in accordance with the following provisions of this Promissory Note ( this " Note " ) .
CEN BIOTECH INC can not provide any assurance that the cannabis regulatory scheme will be revised , the date that Canada will enact any new legislation or if the legislation will be beneficial to CEN BIOTECH
A detailed discussion of the factors considered in the assessment is included in Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in ProAssurance 's December 31 , 2016 Form 10 - K. Fixed maturity securities held in an unrealized loss position at June 30 , 2017 , excluding asset - backed securities , have paid all scheduled contractual payments and are expected to continue doing so .
Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Facility On February 17 , 2017 , Resolute Energy Corp entered into the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement with a syndicate of banks led by Bank of Montreal , as Administrative Agent , Capital One , National Association , as syndication agent , and Barclays Bank PLC , ING Capital LLC and SunTrust Bank , as co - documentation agents .
The majority of the deferred tax liabilities associated with the available - for - sale investments of $ 62.2 million at December 31 , 2016 were reversed during the three months ended March 31 , 2017 as a result of the non - taxable exchange of the State Street shares for State Street s ownership interest in BFDS .
On October 25 , 2016 , Net Element , Inc. entered into a settlement agreement with the Sellers relating to the stock price guarantee provision in the PayOnline acquisition agreement pursuant to which Net Element , Inc. agreed to pay the Sellers an aggregate of $ 2,288,667 plus 10 % per annum interest accrued from May 20 , 2016 in installments pursuant to the payment schedule set forth in the settlement agreement and a balloon payment of $ 1.8 million in May 2017 .
On June 23 , 2016 , a wholly - owned foreign subsidiary of MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS INC entered into a short - term credit agreement ( the Credit Agreement ) with The Bank of Tokyo - Mitsubishi UFJ , Ltd.
On June 26 , 2015 , Immunomedics , Inc. ( Immunomedics ) filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey ( the Immunomedics Action ) against the Board of Directors of Roger Williams Medical Center , Dr. Richard P. Junghans , Dr. Steven C. Katz , the Office of the Board of Advisors of Tufts University School of Medicine , and one or more individuals or entities to be identified later .
Limited ( hereinafter referred to as DSSL or Predecessor ) , a Sri Lanka based company , was incorporated on September 22 , 2004 , in the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka , as a limited liability company .
Under ACORDA THERAPEUTICS INC agreement with Biogen , ACORDA THERAPEUTICS INC are entitled to receive double - digit tiered royalties on sales .
Terrorist attacks , such as the attacks that occurred in New York and Washington , D.C. on September 11 , 2001 , and other acts of violence or war may affect the markets in which ENTEGRIS INC operate or ENTEGRIS INC operations and hurt ENTEGRIS INC ability to manufacture products and ENTEGRIS INC profitability .
Under the terms of the CL Agreement Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. sold 8,104,000 ( 100 % ) of its shares of Canna - Life and execute a Note Payable for $ 80,000 to Evolutions Equities Corporation in exchange for the extinguishment of $ 490,416 of debt due to the Purchasers at March 31 , 2015 and $ 1.00 cash .
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in Seagate Technology plc s condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes .
TWO HANDS Corp actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward - looking statements for many reasons , including the risks described in TWO HANDS Corp Form 10 - K filed on March 31 , 2017 , and other filings TWO HANDS Corp make with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
We have also audited , in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( United States ) , the consolidated statements of financial condition as of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income , cash flows and changes in equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31 , 2015 , of the Company and Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. report dated February 26 , 2016 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements .
On March 31 , 2014 , Seagate Technology plc acquired all of the outstanding shares of Xyratex Ltd ( Xyratex ) , a leading provider of data storage technology .
Cariflex revenue was $ 142.9 million for the year ended December 31 , 2015 compared to $ 138.6 million for the year ended December 31 , 2014 , an increase of $ 4.3 million , or 3.1 % .
As a result of the consolidation , UNITED DOMINION REALTY L P increased its real estate owned by approximately $ 97.0 million , recorded approximately $ 1.7 million of in - place lease intangibles and recorded a gain on consolidation of $ 12.2 million , which is included in Income/(loss ) from unconsolidated entities on the Consolidated Statements of Operations .
Additionally , in October 2016 , Zoned Properties , Inc. entered into a third amendment to commercial lease agreement with C3C3 and Alan Abrams , effective October 10 , 2016 .
The net increase of $ 2.7 million was primarily due to a $ 2.2 million increase in personnel costs , due to the addition of key management and other professionals to support Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC growth and costs associated with the relocation from two leased properties to one larger leased property in Abingdon , Oxfordshire , offset by a reimbursement of certain ADS programme - related costs of $ 0.4 million .
Dr. Rittman and Mr. Murray jointly own 9,900 shares of Series D Preferred Stock of Gopher Protocol Inc. that is convertible at Dr. Rittman s or Mr. Murray s election into 9,900,000 shares of common stock .
Prior to the closing of Immune Design Corp. IPO in 2014 , Immune Design Corp. preferred stock warrant liability was classified within Level 3 and was measured at its estimated fair value on a recurring basis using the income method approach in combination with a Monte Carlo simulation .
In its complaint , OOO - RM Invest claims that on or about July 11 , 2012 it entered into an oral agreement with us allegedly agreeing : ( a ) to form a new entity , TOT Money International , LTD that would continue the operations of Plaintiff ; ( b ) that Net Element , Inc. would provide TOT Money International , LTD financing in the amount of 600,000,000 Russian rubles ; ( c ) that Net Element , Inc. would assume certain liabilities of Plaintiff ; ( d ) that Net Element , Inc. would be responsible for all business operations of Plaintiff and TOT Money International , LTD ; ( e ) that Net Element , Inc. would deliver DST account and stated key DST structures to TOT Money International , LTD ; ( f ) that Plaintiff would receive a 30 % ownership stake in TOT Money International , LTD and/or receive shares of stock in the Company ; ( g ) that Tcahai Hairullaevich Katcaev would hold the position of General Director of TOT Money ; ( h ) Plaintiff would provide TOT Money International , LTD with access to Plaintiff s operating accounts ; and ( i ) Plaintiff would transfer client accounts and contracts to TOT Money .
Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc. results of operations for the quarter ending in March are on average lower than the quarters ending in June , September , and December .
This management s discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting Differential Brands Group Inc. results of operations and financial condition during the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
Historically , Sanchez Midstream Partners LP operations have consisted of the production of proved reserves located in the Cherokee Basin in Oklahoma and Kansas , the Woodford Shale in the Arkoma Basin in Oklahoma , the Central Kansas Uplift in Kansas , the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas and in other areas of Texas and Louisiana .
Concurrent with the Closing , the board of directors of the Company ( the Board ) ( i ) appointed Jun Jiang to serve as Chairman of the Board , President and a director of 5V Inc. effective immediately following the Closing , ( ii ) appointed Xiong Wu to serve as Executive Vice President and a director of 5V Inc. effective as of the Effective Time and ( iii ) appointed Jingquan Lu to serve as Vice President , Secretary and Treasurer of 5V Inc. effective as of the Closing Date .
NAVISTAR INTERNATIONAL CORP Financial Services operations in Mexico provide vehicle financing , leasing and insurance brokerage services to NAVISTAR INTERNATIONAL CORP dealers and retail customers in Mexico .
Mr. Beck is Chairman , Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company .
REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s products within its Professional segment are sold directly to hair and nail salons by REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's direct sales force in countries where it has operations and through distributors in other countries outside the U.S. At December 31 , 2015 , REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP actively sold its products through wholly - owned subsidiaries established in 22 countries outside of the U.S. and through a large number of independent distributors and licensees elsewhere around the world .
Kraton Corp effective tax rates differed from the U.S. corporate statutory tax rate of 35.0 % , primarily due to the mix of pre - tax income or loss earned in foreign jurisdictions and losses generated in the U.S. tax jurisdiction for which a full valuation allowance has been provided , as well as uncertain tax positions .
Regulations in the U.S , the EU , Canada and other countries in which REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP operates that are designed to protect consumers or the environment have an increasing influence on REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's product claims , ingredients and packaging .
The remaining balance in currency translation adjustments excludes income taxes as a result of Expedia , Inc. current intention to indefinitely reinvest the earnings of Expedia , Inc. international subsidiaries outside of the United States .
Non - performance risk For contracts Athene Holding Ltd issue , Athene Holding Ltd use the credit spread from the U.S. treasury curve based on Athene Holding Ltd public credit rating as of the valuation date .
During fiscal 2016 and throughout most of the first nine months of fiscal 2017 , BIOANALYTICAL SYSTEMS INC had operated either in default of , or under forbearance arrangements with respect to , BIOANALYTICAL SYSTEMS INC credit agreements with Huntington Bank .
Additionally , in accordance with the 2016 PAPUC PGC settlement and to reduce the exposure of PECO and its customers to natural gas price volatility , PECO has continued its program to purchase natural gas for both winter and summer supplies using a layered approach of locking - in prices ahead of each season with long - term gas purchase agreements ( those with primary terms of at least twelve months ) .
The following table summarizes SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC stock option activity for the year ended December 31 , 2015 : .
Mr. Cambre , Dr. Fox and Ms. Henry served as directors of Grace prior to the Separation and owned Grace common shares .
Cause means ( i ) the commission of a felony or other crime involving moral turpitude or the commission of any other act or omission involving misappropriation , dishonesty , unethical business conduct , disloyalty , fraud or breach of fiduciary duty , ( ii ) reporting to work under the influence of alcohol , ( iii ) the use of illegal drugs ( whether or not at the workplace ) or other conduct , which could reasonably be expected to , or which does , cause Petrolia Energy Corp or any of its affiliates public disgrace or disrepute or economic harm , ( iv ) repeated failure to perform duties as reasonably directed by the Board of Directors , ( v ) gross negligence or willful misconduct with respect to Petrolia Energy Corp or its affiliates or in the performance of Mr. Khan s duties under the agreement , ( vi ) obtaining any personal profit not thoroughly disclosed to and approved by the board in connection with any transaction entered into by , or on behalf of , Petrolia Energy Corp or any of its affiliates , or ( vii ) violating any of the terms of Petrolia Energy Corp s or its affiliates rules or policies applicable to Mr. Khan which , if curable , is not cured to the board s reasonable satisfaction within fifteen ( 15 ) days after written notice thereof to Mr. Khan , or any other material breach of the agreement or any other agreement between Mr. Khan and Petrolia Energy Corp or any of its affiliates which , if curable , is not cured to the board s reasonable satisfaction within fifteen ( 15 ) days after written notice thereof to Mr. Khan .
Dr. Healey was appointed as an executive officer on October 26 , 2015 and his employment terminated on January 31 , 2017 as part of a reduction - in - force which occurred on that date .
existing collaboration with Celgene , including decisions regarding the exercise by Celgene or us of any of Juno Therapeutics , Inc. or their options thereunder , or any exercise or non - exercise by Celgene of a right to purchase shares of Juno Therapeutics , Inc. common stock ; .
Corporate History Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. were incorporated on May 31 , 2006 in the State of Nevada under the name Mariposa Resources , Ltd.
Also , in June 2015 , LinnCo , LLC formed strategic alliances with affiliates of private capital investor GSO Capital Partners LP ( GSO ) and affiliates of private capital investor Quantum Energy Partners ( Quantum ) which may give LinnCo , LLC access to additional capital .
Mr. Schaney also served as Co - Head of Morgan Stanley Credit Partners .
As of July 13 , 2015 , Nikola Pizurica resigned as sole Director , President , Secretary , Treasurer , Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Company .
In addition to Waterstone Financial , Inc. banking offices , as of December 31 , 2016 , Waterstone Financial , Inc. mortgage banking operation had 15 offices in Wisconsin , 13 offices in Florida , nine offices in Pennsylvania , six offices in Minnesota , five offices in Indiana , Ohio , and Texas , two offices in each of Arizona , California , Maryland , and Virginia , and one office in each of Colorado , Georgia , Idaho , Illinois , Iowa , Maine , Massachusetts , New Hampshire , Oregon , Tennessee , and Washington .
The sale , transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of IMMUNOMEDICS INC 's assets as an entirety or substantially as an entirety , occurring within a 12 - month period , and representing , at a minimum , not less than 40 percent of the total gross fair market value of all assets of IMMUNOMEDICS INC , to any person , entity , or group of persons acting in consort , other than a sale , transfer or disposition to : ( A ) a shareholder of IMMUNOMEDICS INC in exchange for or with respect to its stock ; ( B ) an entity , 50 percent or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned , directly or indirectly , by the Company ; ( C ) a person , or more than one person acting as a group , that owns , directly or indirectly , 50 percent or more of the total value or voting power of the outstanding stock of the Company ; or ( D ) an entity , at least 50 percent of the total value or voting power of which is owned by a person described in ( C ) ; or .
In Michigan , Progreen US , Inc. operate in a competitive housing market environment where a variety of individuals and corporations are trying to maximize gains on the acquisition of undervalued property through housing market conditions .
VISIBER57 CORP . related parties are the following individuals and entities : Mark W. DeFoor , VISIBER57 CORP . s former Chief Executive Officer and Director ; Cool Creek Solutions , LLC , a company in which Mark W. DeFoor father , William DeFoor Jr , was a member ; simTraction LLC , a company in which Mark W. DeFoor is a member ; Choong Jeng Hew , VISIBER57 CORP . s Chief Executive Officer , President and Director and 57 Society International Limited , a company under the common control of Choong Jeng Hew .
A fast track designated product candidate may also qualify for priority review , under which the FDA sets the target date for FDA action on the BLA at six months after the FDA accepts the application for filing .
Jens Mielke joined Rocky Mountain High Brands , Inc. in August 2016 as Chief Financial Officer .
On April 1 , 2011 , Ambient Water Corp acquired AWG International Manufacturing Ltd , from Ambient Water Corp s Chief Executive Officer by purchasing the one share issued and outstanding in AWG International Manufacturing Ltd. in exchange for one share of Ambient Water Corp s common stock .
In the event any employee of Sitrick , at any time , is required or requested to participate or provide testimony , documents or other evidence in any action , arbitration or other proceeding relating , directly or indirectly , to QUANTUMSPHERE , INC . engagement , whether or not QUANTUMSPHERE , INC . engagement has been terminated or concluded , Client shall pay Sitrick for the time spent in preparing for and providing such participation or testimony , at Sitrick s thet;t standard billing rates , and for any costs and expenses , including attorneys fees , incurred in connection therewith .
Participation in carried interest generated by Blackstone Group L.P. carry funds for all participating named executive officers other than Mr. Schwarzman is subject to vesting .
Foreign exchange loss for the nine months ended December 31 , 2015 was ( $ 0.1 ) million as compared to a loss of ( $ 0.2 ) million for the comparable prior - year period due to the net effects of fluctuations of the U.S. dollar against the Euro and its impact on Castle Brands Inc Euro - denominated intercompany balances due to Castle Brands Inc foreign subsidiaries for inventory purchases .
Using the average foreign currency exchange rates from the three months ended September 30 , 2016 COMMVAULT SYSTEMS INC software revenue would have been lower by $ 1.0 million , COMMVAULT SYSTEMS INC services revenue would have been lower by $ 1.3 million , COMMVAULT SYSTEMS INC cost of sales would have been lower by $ 0.4 million and COMMVAULT SYSTEMS INC operating expenses would have been lower by $ 1.0 million from non - U.S. operations for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 .
Non - regulated Revenues - In 2015 , Alliant Energy s non - regulated revenues decreased $ 9 million , primarily due to decreased revenues at Transportation resulting from decreased demand for freight , barge and transfer services .
ContraVir may also terminate the license agreement without cause on a country - by - country basis upon sixty ( 60 ) days prior written notice .
Exhibit 32.2 In connection with the Annual Report of LinnCo , LLC ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , David B. Rottino , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of LinnCo , LLC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a ) or 15(d ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents , in all material respects , the financial condition and results of operations of LinnCo , LLC .
million , six - month unsecured bridge facility HIGHWOODS REALTY LTD PARTNERSHIP obtained in 2015 for the short - term funding of HIGHWOODS REALTY LTD PARTNERSHIP acquisition activity and $ 150.0 million unsecured term loan HIGHWOODS REALTY LTD PARTNERSHIP obtained in 2016 to repay amounts outstanding under HIGHWOODS REALTY LTD PARTNERSHIP revolving credit facility .
Whitby is a limited partnership between certain of CALPINE CORP subsidiaries and Atlantic Packaging Ltd , which operates the Whitby facility , a 50 MW natural gas - fired , simple - cycle cogeneration power plant located in Ontario , Canada .
FSP 303 East Wacker Drive Corp. ( the Company ) was organized on December 13 , 2006 as a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware to purchase , own , and operate a twenty - eight story Class A multi - tenant office tower containing approximately 860,000 rentable square feet of space located in downtown Chicago , Illinois ( the Property ) .
In connection with the Annual Report of Tofutti Brands Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the period ending December 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , David Mintz , Chief Executive Officer of TOFUTTI BRANDS INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Upon the closing of the Acquisition , Duane S. Jenson and Terry Jenson resigned as directors and executive officers , Shelley Goff resigned as a director , retained her office as ATLANTICA INC s Secretary and was appointed ATLANTICA INC s Chief Financial Officer ; and Alan D. Gordon was appointed as ATLANTICA INC s President and Chief Executive Officer .
Other expense for the year ended December 31 , 2014 as compared to 2013 decreased primarily as a result of the acceleration and release agreement signed with Rio Tinto , which terminated the TRA .
On April 16 , 2015 , Xplore Technologies Corporation of America , a wholly - owned subsidiary of XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP , entered into a Foreclosure Purchase and Sale Agreement ( the Purchase and Sale Agreement ) with Motion Computing , Inc , Motion Computing Pty , Ltd , Motion Computing Holding Company , Inc. ( collectively Motion ) and Square 1 Bank , Motion s senior secured lender ( Square 1 ) , pursuant to which XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP s subsidiary agreed to purchase certain of the assets of Motion , including cash , cash equivalents , accounts receivable , inventory , equipment , personal property and other assets of Motion for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $ 9 million in cash , plus the assumption of approximately $ 8 million in liabilities , net of current assets , subject to the terms and conditions thereof ( the Motion Acquisition ) .
As of the end of fiscal year 2016 , CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL INC policy with respect to the undistributed earnings of CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL INC non - U.S. subsidiaries is to maintain an indefinite reinvestment assertion as they are required to fund needs outside of the U.S. and can not be repatriated in a manner that is substantially tax - free .
From January 2015 to January 2016 , Dr. Billings served as Executive - in - Residence at the California Innovation Center of Johnson and Johnson , Inc.
On a quarterly basis , NL INDUSTRIES INC evaluate the potential range of NL INDUSTRIES INC liability for environmental remediation and related costs at sites where NL INDUSTRIES INC have been named as a PRP or defendant , including sites for which NL INDUSTRIES INC wholly - owned environmental management subsidiary , NL Environmental Management Services , Inc , ( EMS ) , has contractually assumed NL INDUSTRIES INC obligations .
Based on ENPRO INDUSTRIES , INC prior ownership of Crucible Steel Corporation a / k / a Crucible , Inc. ( Crucible ) , ENPRO INDUSTRIES , INC may have additional contingent liabilities in one or more significant environmental matters .
Previously , Mr. Saxton served as Executive Vice President , Chief Administrative Officer and as a member of the board of directors of JELD - WEN , Inc , a global door and window manufacturer , for more than seven years .
Choong Jeng Hew was appointed as VISIBER57 CORP . Chief Executive Officer and Director and Chip Jin Eng was appointed as VISIBER57 CORP . Chief Financial Officer , Treasurer and Secretary and Director .
Fogt , Director and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
While VEEVA SYSTEMS INC agreement with salesforce.com also restricts salesforce.com from competing with us with respect to sales opportunities for sales automation solutions for the pharma / biotech industry unless such competition has been pre - approved by salesforce.com s senior management based on certain criteria specified in the agreement , and imposes certain limits on salesforce.com from entering into arrangements similar to ours with other parties with respect to sales automation applications for the pharma / biotech industry , it does not rest rict a salesforce.com customer s ability ( or the ability of salesforce.com on behalf of a specific salesforce.com customer ) to customize or configure the Salesforce1 Platform , and VEEVA SYSTEMS INC remedy for a breach of these restrictions by salesforce.com would be to terminate the agreement , or continue the agreement but be released from VEEVA SYSTEMS INC minimum order commitments from the date of salesforce.com s breach forward .
I , Helen I. Torley , M.B. Ch . B , M.R.C.P , Chief Executive Officer of Halozyme Therapeutics , Inc. certify that : I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Halozyme Therapeutics , Inc. ; Based on my knowledge , this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made , in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made , not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report ; Based on my knowledge , the financial statements , and other financial information included in this report , fairly present in all material respects the financial condition , results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of , and for , the periods presented in this report ; The Registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures ( as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e ) and 15d-15(e ) ) and internal control over financial reporting ( as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f ) and 15d-15(f ) ) for the Registrant and have : a ) designed such disclosure controls and procedures , or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS INC supervision , to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant , including its consolidated subsidiaries , is made known to us by others within those entities , particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared ; b ) designed such internal control over financial reporting , or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS INC supervision , to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ; c ) evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS INC conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures , as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation ; and d ) disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter ( the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report ) that has materially affected , or is reasonably likely to materially affect , the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting ; and The Registrant s other certifying officer
For example , pursuant to Editas Medicine , Inc. license agreements with Broad , and Broad and the President and Fellows of Harvard College ( Harvard ) , the licensors may , under certain circumstances , grant a license to the patents that are the subject of such license agreements to a third party .
The comparability of Strategic Storage Growth Trust , Inc. results of operations was significantly affected by Strategic Storage Growth Trust , Inc. acquisition activity in 2017 and 2016 as listed below .
In the current year , Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. currency diversification strategy decreased Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. comprehensive earnings by $ 269 million ( $ 293 million in the prior year ) , as the U.S. dollar value of the GLOBAL decreased by approximately 5 % .
Macquarie Infrastructure Corp dividend payments are determined based on the cash flows available to the MIC holding company from its operating companies and paid subject to maintaining a prudent level of reserves and without creating undue volatility in the amount of such dividends where possible .
Mr. Allen also served as General Manager of Pacific Snapple Distributors from 2004 to 2005 , Senior Vice President of Business Development and M A for Snapple Distributors from 2003 to 2004 and Chief Financial Officer of Snapple Beverage Group from 1997 to 2003 .
Steven A. Ross Vice President , Chief Information Officer Mr. Ross has served as Chief Information Officer since April 2013 .
In January 2015 and May 2015 , certain of Products Corporation s newly - formed U.S.-domiciled subsidiaries in the Professional segment and certain of Products Corporation 's newly - formed U.S.-domiciled subsidiaries formed in connection with the CBB Acquisition ( collectively , the New U.S. Subsidiaries ) became additional guarantors under such debt instruments .
In the first nine months of 2017 , TRANSACT TECHNOLOGIES INC cash and cash equivalents balance increased $ 1,022,000 , or 41 % , from December 31 , 2016 and TRANSACT TECHNOLOGIES INC ended the third quarter of 2017 with $ 3,525,000 in cash and cash equivalents , of which $ 249,000 was held by TRANSACT TECHNOLOGIES INC U.K. subsidiary , and no debt outstanding .
DENBURY RESOURCES INC financial results have been significantly impacted by the decrease in realized oil prices as highlighted above , which decreased from an average of $ 90.74 per Bbl during 2014 to $ 47.30 per Bbl during 2015 .
The purchasers in the offering included Dr. Barer , the chairman of InspireMD , Inc. board of directors , who purchased 19,231 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 9,616 shares of common stock , for a purchase price of $ 250,000 , Mr. Milinazzo , InspireMD , Inc. president and chief executive officer , and Dr. Barry , InspireMD , Inc. executive vice president and chief operating officer , who each purchased 1,924 shares of common stock and warrants to purchase 962 shares of common stock , for a purchase price of $ 25,000 , and Rick Olson , InspireMD , Inc. then - current vice president of global sales and operations of InspireMD Ltd , who purchased 11,539 shares of common stock and wa
Mr. Hance is a former director of Sprint Nextel Corporation , Rayonier , Inc , EnPro Industries , Inc , Bank of America and Morgan Stanley .
SIMULATIONS PLUS INC also have one independent distributor in Japan and two independent representatives in China who also sell and market SIMULATIONS PLUS INC products with support from SIMULATIONS PLUS INC scientists and engineers .
A member of the board of Bloomberg L.P. since 1996 , Mr. Grauer .
For the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 and 2013 , SWIFT ENERGY CO recognized net gains ( losses ) of $ 0.2 million , $ 1.3 million and ( $ 0.9 ) million , respectively , relating to SWIFT ENERGY CO derivative activities .
The AVC requires us to maintain certain controls and processes around Insys Therapeutics , Inc. promotional and sales activity related to SUBSYS in Oregon .
On the variable - rate debt , the interest rate risk with respect to DP L s long - term debt represents the potential impact an increase of one percentage point in the interest rate has on DP L s results of operations related to DP L s $ 443.9 million variable - rate long - term debt outstanding as of March 31 , 2017 .
Marketing ADDENTAX GROUP CORP . sole officer and director , Otmane Tajmouati , is responsible for the marketing of the Company .
Although the number of multifamily properties owned as of June 30 , 2017 remained unchanged at 65 compared to June 30 , 2016 , Steadfast Income REIT , Inc. results of operations were impacted by the construction of an additional 86 apartment homes at one existing multifamily property during 2016 and Steadfast Income REIT , Inc. value - enhancement activity completed through June 30 , 2017 , as further discussed below .
The transactions covered by this report include publicly issued auto loan asset - backed securities transactions issued from September 20 , 2011 to December 31 , 2015 for which AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC acted as servicer involving auto loans ( the Platform ) .
PETER F. MINAN Peter F. Minan Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
Phoenix Licensing , L.L.C./LPL Licensing , L.L.C. On July 30 , 2015 , Phoenix Licensing , L.L.C. and LPL Licensing , L.L.C. ( together referred to as Phoenix ) filed a complaint against Hughes Satellite Systems Corp subsidiary HNS in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas , alleging infringement of United States Patent Nos . 5,987,434 , entitled Apparatus and Method for Transacting Marketing and Sales of Financial Products 7,890,366 , entitled Personalized Communication Documents , System and Method for Preparing Same 8,352,317 , entitled System for Facilitating Production of Variable Offer Communications 8,234,184 , entitled Automated Reply Generation Direct Marketing System 6,999,938 , entitled Automated Reply Generation Direct Marketing System 8,738,435 , entitled Method and Apparatus for Presenting Personalized Content Relating to Offered Products and Services and 7,860,744 , entitled System and Method for Automatically Providing Personalized Notices Concerning Financial Products and/or Services .
Dave Boennighausen Dave Boennighausen Chief Executive Officer . /s/
Dubli India Private Limited , a Haryana , India company , which operates Ominto s shopping and entertainment websites and Ominto s global network of Business Associates in India .
Sangamo brings deep scientific and technical expertise across multiple genomic platforms , and SANGAMO THERAPEUTICS , INC look forward to working together to advance this potentially transformative treatment for patients living with Hemophilia A , said Mikael Dolsten , MD , PhD , President of Worldwide Research and Development at Pfizer .
Additionally , DS HEALTHCARE GROUP , INC . received as consideration 3 million shares of Evercare , warrants to purchase up to 900,000 shares of EverCare at $ 0.25 per share as part of the arrangement which can be sold back to EverCare , under certain conditions , to obtain additional financing .
/s/ Joseph E. Miller Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer March 30 , 2016 Joseph E. Miller ( Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ) .
In addition , in July 2014 , CENTENE CORP completed an investment accounted for under the equity method for the purchase of a noncontrolling interest in Ribera Salud S.A. ( Ribera Salud ) , a Spanish health management group .
History - IRELAND INC . was incorporated on February 20 , 2001 under the laws of the State of Nevada under the name Merritt Ventures Corp.
Since 1984 , Mr. Rupert has served on the Advisory Board to Cornell University s Endowment for Real Estate Investments , and in August 2010 Mr. Rupert was appointed Co - Chairman of this Board .
I , Clinton H. Severson , Chief Executive Officer of Abaxis , Inc. ( the Registrant ) , do hereby certify in accordance with the requirements set forth in Rule 13a-14(b ) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , as amended ( the Exchange Act ) , and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code ( 18 U.S.C. 1350 ) , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of my knowledge : .
George C. Freeman , III , Chairman , President , and Chief Executive Officer .
As of September 30 , 2017 , BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC operated 292 stores in the United States , Canada and Puerto Rico ( collectively , North America ) , 60 stores in the United Kingdom , Ireland and Denmark ( collectively , Europe ) , and one store in China and had 90 franchised stores operating internationally under the Build - A - Bear Workshop brand .
PIXELWORKS , INC sell PIXELWORKS , INC products to original equipment manufacturers ( " OEMs " ) that incorporate PIXELWORKS , INC products into other products that they sell outside of the U.S. While sales of PIXELWORKS , INC products to OEMs are denominated in U.S. dollars , the products sold by OEMs are denominated in foreign currencies .
International Business to Globus , including Alphatec Holdings , Inc. wholly - owned subsidiaries in Japan , Brazil , Australia , China and Singapore and substantially all of the assets of Alphatec Holdings , Inc. other sales operations in the United Kingdom and Italy , and on September 1 , 2016 , Alphatec Holdings , Inc. completed the sale to Globus .
On October 10 , 2012 a Complaint ( Complaint ) was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California against the Company and David Koos by McDonald , a former employee of ENTEST BIOMEDICAL , INC , alleging breach of contract and breach of the covenant of good faith and dealing in connection with the assumption of lease obligations by ENTEST BIOMEDICAL , INC . in connection with the acquisition of the assets of Pet Pointers , Inc breach of contract and breach of the covenant of good faith and dealing in connection with an employment agreement enters into with McDonald inc connection with the Acquisition , breach of contract in connection with the Acquisition purchase agreement , breach of the covenant of good faith and dealing in connection with the Acquisition purchase agreement , implied indemnity in connection to amounts owed by McDonald to Anthony and Judi Marinelli , the Internal Revenue Service , and the California Franchise Tax Board , intentional misrepresentation , negligent misrepresentation , failure to pay wages and violations of Sections 2802 , 203 , and 2806 of the California Labor Code .
Prior to his appointment as Executive Chairman in February 2009 , Mr. Huntsman served as Chairman of the Board of HUNTSMAN INTERNATIONAL LLC company since its formation in 2004 and the predecessors to HUNTSMAN INTERNATIONAL LLC company since 1970 , when he founded his first plastics company .
Mr. de Oliveira has been a member of AXA s Board of Directors since April 2010 , where he serves on the Finance Committee ( Chair ) and Audit Committee , and from April 2009 to May 2010 , he was a member of AXA s Supervisory Board .
Both Heritage Global Inc. and Executive may terminate Executive s employment at any time during the Employment Period without Cause by giving him a Notice of Termination thirty ( 30 ) days prior to the Termination Date .
$ 600,000 Loan On August 6 , 2014 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with JDF dated July 22 , 2014 pursuant to which Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issued to JDF a convertible promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of $ 708,000 , which amount includes the purchase price of $ 600,000 plus 18 months prepaid interest at the rate of 12 % per annum .
Mr. Flaxman joined Hewlett - Packard Company in 1981 .
On June 29 , 2009 , Wowio Texas entered into a securities purchase agreement ( the Agreement ) with Platinum Studios , Inc.
As of June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , the Partnership recorded a fair market value adjustment of $ 2.0 million and $ 1.6 million , respectively , for its available - for - sale investment in Mammoth Inc. based on the market value of the shares at June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , respectively , which was recorded in Other Comprehensive Income .
The following table summarizes RADIANT CREATIONS GROUP , INC . s stock options activity as of November 30 , 2015 : .
Sponsor refer to WL Ross Sponsor LLC , an affiliate of Mr. Wilbur L. Ross , Jr , WL Ross Holding Corp. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
Prior to joining Ross , Ms. Panattoni was with The TJX Companies , where she served as Senior Vice President of Merchandising and Marketing for HomeGoods from 1998 to 2004 and as Divisional Merchandise Manager of the Marmaxx Home Store from 1994 to 1998 .
The majority of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC products are manufactured by four independent vendors domiciled in Hong Kong and Macau .
Gulf Power 's financial and operational goal results and Southern Company 's EPS goal results for 2015 , as adjusted and further described in this CD A , are shown below : .
The transactions covered by this report include publicly issued auto lease asset - backed securities transactions issued from March 25 , 2015 to December 31 , 2015 for which AMERICREDIT FINANCIAL SERVICES INC acted as servicer involving auto leases ( the Platform ) .
Prior to that , Mr. Allison served as OFFICE DEPOT INC Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer since December 2013 .
Directors , Executive Officers and Corporate Governance SemiLEDs Corp Board of Directors Trung T. Doan , 59 , has served as a director , Chairman of SemiLEDs Corp Board and as SemiLEDs Corp CEO since January 2005 , and as SemiLEDs Corp President since August 2012 .
The following table presents the number and weighted average exercise price ( WAEP ) of the Awards to purchase TripCo common stock granted to certain officers , employees and directors of Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings , Inc , as well as the weighted average remaining life and aggregate intrinsic value of the Awards .
Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates Novan , Inc. management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on Novan , Inc. financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States , or GAAP .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Dolby Laboratories , Inc. ( the Company ) , on Form 10 - Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 30 , 2016 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , Kevin J. Yeaman , President and Chief Executive Officer of Dolby Laboratories , Inc. and Lewis Chew , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dolby Laboratories , Inc , respectively , do each hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Lockbox Processing Agreement , dated as of November 4 , 2015 , among AmeriCredit Financial Services , Inc , The Bank of New York Mellon , as Trustee , and Regulus Group II LLC , as Processor ( incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 of the Current Report on Form 8 - K filed by AmeriCredit Automobile Receivables Trust 2015 - 4 ( File No .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT business , financial condition , operating results and cash flows can be impacted by a number of factors , including , but not limited to , those set forth below , any one of which could cause CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT actual results to vary materially from recent results or anticipated future results .
MARLIN BUSINESS SERVICES CORP was incorporated in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania on August 5 , 2003 .
On March 28 , 2014 , Orbital Tracking Corp. merged with and into a wholly - owned subsidiary of the Company ( Great West ) solely for the purpose of changing its state of incorporation to Nevada from Delaware ( the Reincorporation ) , effecting a 1:150 reverse split of its common stock , and changing its name to Great West Resources , Inc. in connection with the plans to enter into the business of potash mining and exploration .
On March 17 , 2017 , G Farma purchased 222,223 restricted shares of Mentor Capital , Inc. s Common Stock in a private placement at a price of $ 2.25 per share , for an aggregate purchase price of $ 500,002 .
Net cash used in operating activities was $ 14.3 million for the year ended December 31 , 2013 and consisted of Immune Design Corp. net loss of $ 16.0 million offset by non - cash charges of $ 0.4 million for depreciation and amortization , $ 0.3 million for stock - based compensation expense , and a $ 1.0 million non - cash loss for the revaluation of convertible preferred stock warrant liabilities .
CHUY 'S HOLDINGS , INC . have concluded that Saed should serve on CHUY 'S HOLDINGS , INC . board based upon his experience as an executive and board member and his knowledge of the restaurant industry .
On October 28 , 2013 , ZHEN DING RESOURCES INC . Company dissolved Zhen Ding NV by merging it into ZHEN DING RESOURCES INC . Company and ZHEN DING RESOURCES INC . changed ZHEN DING RESOURCES INC . name from Robotech Inc. to Zhen Ding Resources Inc.
Debanjan Ray , S.V.P , Chief Financial Officer and Head of Corporate Development .
Terms of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units Granted in 2015 and Prior Years Blackstone Group L.P. pre - IPO owners , including Blackstone Group L.P. named executive officers other than Mr. Tosi and Mr. Finley , received Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units in the reorganization in exchange for the contribution of their equity interests in Blackstone Group L.P. operating subsidiaries to Blackstone Holdings .
UCB ( a Related Party ) Agreement In March 2014 , Dermira , Inc. entered into a development and commercialization agreement with UCB , a related party ( UCB Agreement ) , which provides that Dermira , Inc. will develop Cimzia for the treatment of psoriasis in order for UCB to seek regulatory approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) , European Medicines Agency ( EMA ) and the Canadian federal department for health ( Health Canada ) , and upon the grant of regulatory approval in the United States and Canada , for us to promote sales of Cimzia to dermatologists and conduct related medical affairs activities in the United States and Canada .
The limited liability company agreement of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner provides that at such time as Mr. Schwarzman should cease to be a founder , Hamilton E. James will thereupon succeed Mr. Schwarzman as the sole founding member of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner , and thereafter such power will revert to the members of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner holding a majority in interest in Blackstone Group L.P. general partner .
by ConforMIS Inc iUni and iDuo products ; three patents that Smith Nephew alleges are infringed by ConforMIS Inc iTotal products ; and five patents that Smith Nephew licenses from Kinamed , Inc. of Camarillo , California and that it alleges are infringed by ConforMIS Inc iUni , iDuo and iTotal products .
Senseonics Holdings , Inc. have never been profitable and Senseonics Holdings , Inc. net losses were $ 43.9 million , $ 29.9 million and $ 18.9 million for the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively .
In MASCO CORP /DE/ opinion , the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contain all adjustments , of a normal recurring nature , necessary to fairly state MASCO CORP /DE/ financial position at September 30 , 2017 , MASCO CORP /DE/ results of operations and comprehensive income ( loss ) for the three - month and nine - month periods ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 , and cash flows and changes in shareholders ' equity for the nine - month periods ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
From time to time various forms filed by GRACO INC Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission , including GRACO INC Form 10 - K , Form 10 - Qs and Form 8 - Ks , and other disclosures , including GRACO INC 2016 Overview report , press releases , earnings releases , analyst briefings , conference calls and other written documents or oral statements released by GRACO INC Company , may contain forward - looking statements .
The electric distribution asset sales agreement includes a wholesale power supply agreement between IPL and Southern Minnesota Energy Cooperative , which was approved by FERC in July 2015 and became effective upon the sale of IPL s Minnesota electric distribution assets .
The Corporation carried out an evaluation , under the supervision and with the participation of the Corporation s management , including the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer , Francis J. Leto , and Chief Financial Officer , Michael W. Harrington , of the effectiveness of the Corporation s disclosure controls and procedures ( as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e ) and 15d-15(e ) under the Exchange Act ) as of December 31 , 2016 pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 .
Prior to PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS INC acquisitions of CapitalMark and Magna , PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS INC operated primarily in the Nashville , Tennessee and Knoxville , Tennessee MSAs , and most of PINNACLE FINANCIAL PARTNERS INC borrowers , depositors and other customers lived or had operations in these areas .
Credit agreements Wells Fargo Bank , National Association credit agreement On June 28 , 2013 , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into a $ 75.0 million credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank , National Association , which replaced POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC .
Eastman Kodak 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan Form of Executive Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement .
Shirley also serves as a trustee of the Institute for Advanced Study , Amherst College , the Advantage Testing Foundation , the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , Leadership for a Diverse America , and the King Abdullah University of Science and Technology , as a fellow for Harvard College and as a director of the Broad Institute .
0 million of interest expense , $ 1.6 million of segment profit , $ 527.0 million of total assets and $ 535.5 million of capital expenditures ( including non - cash ) from the SkyWest Airlines segment to the SkyWest Leasing segment for the year ended December 31 , 2014 to reflect the respective E175 activity in the SkyWest Leasing segment for 2014 .
The $ 550.4 million sales increase was primarily the result of higher sales volumes in the defense segment , as OSHKOSH CORP increased production under the JLTV program and sold approximately 400 more M - ATVs under an international contract than it sold in fiscal 2016 , along with improved fire emergency segment sales .
ALCO s main subsidiaries , ALC , CAC and ESA use the Hong Kong dollar as its currency .
The undersigned , Wong H Sien Loong , the Chief Financial Officer of FingerMotion , Inc. ( the Company ) , DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that : .
We intend the following discussion to assist in the understanding of Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. financial position and Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. results of operations for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and March 31 , 2016 .
Effective May 15 , 2010 , Wowio Texas entered into a securities purchase agreement with Spacedog Entertainment , Inc. ( a New York corporation ) ( SDE ) pursuant to which SDE agreed to transfer to Wowio , Inc , all of the common stock of SDE in exchange for total consideration of $ 1,650,000 , comprised of $ 107,000 in cash , 1,187 shares of common stock ( valued at $ 1,543,000 - based on the estimated fair value on the measurement date ) and an additional $ 1,000,000 to be paid via royalty at a rate of 100 % of gross revenues generated from SDE assets .
In other instances , the transition is the result of the failure of an operator to meet their lease obligation , such as the Kansas City portfolio , for which NorthStar Healthcare Income , Inc. entered into a new management agreement with a third party manager , ISL , in June 2017 , and the Peregrine portfolio , for which NorthStar Healthcare Income , Inc. entered into a new lease with an affiliate of Senior Lifestyle Corporation , or SLC , and transitioned two of the four properties to SLC in the third quarter of 2016 , with the remaining two properties expected to be transitioned in the third quarter of 2017 following receipt of regulatory approval .
The property claimant also filed a lawsuit in July 2010 against Sempra Energy in Federal District Court in San Diego seeking compensatory and punitive damages as well as the earnings from the Energ a Costa Azul LNG terminal based on his allegations that he was wrongfully evicted from the adjacent property and that he has been harmed by other allegedly improper actions .
Each of Robert D. Graham , KRONOS WORLDWIDE INC Vice Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer and Gregory M. Swalwell , KRONOS WORLDWIDE INC Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , have evaluated the design and effectiveness of KRONOS
There were no material changes from risk factors as previously disclosed in UNICO AMERICAN CORP s Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , in response to Item 1A to Part I of Form 10 - K. 25 of 27 .
First Trinity Financial CORP was incorporated in Oklahoma on April 19 , 2004 , for the primary purpose of organizing a life insurance subsidiary .
If FelCor Lodging LP breach a franchise agreement , FelCor Lodging LP may lose the right to use the Embassy Suites name for the applicable hotel and be liable , under certain circumstances , for .
The 2017 and 2016 acquisitions , reflected in US Foods Holding Corp. s consolidated financial statements commencing from the date of acquisition , did not materially affect US Foods Holding Corp. s results of operations or financial position and , therefore , pro forma financial information has not been provided .
In addition , Planet Fitness , Inc. quarterly results may fluctuate significantly because of several factors , including the timing of store openings , timing of price increases for enrollment fees and monthly membership dues and general economic conditions .
Prior to Parkson , Mr. Mahmood served in management roles of increasing responsibility with Johns Manville Corporation , ABB and AlliedSignal ( currently Honeywell ) .
Parkway , Inc. s operations are exclusively in the real estate industry and principally involve the operation , leasing , acquisition and ownership of office buildings in Houston , Texas .
Within 120 calendar days after the effective date of dissolution of Blackstone Group L.P , the assets of Blackstone Group L.P. shall be distributed in the following manner and order : ( i ) to the payment of the expenses of the winding - up , liquidation and dissolution of the Company ; .
Beginning in September 2007 , SPLNG entered into various agreements with Cheniere Marketing , pursuant to which Cheniere Marketing would pay SPLNG additional TUA revenues equal to any and all amounts payable by SPLNG to the Cameron Parish taxing authorities under the CEAs .
reporting includes maintaining records that , in reasonable detail , accurately and fairly reflect HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA transactions ; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ; providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures of Company assets are made in accordance with authorizations of HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA s management and board of directors ; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition , use or disposition of Company assets that could have a material effect on HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis .
As of November 30 , 2015 , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. held approximately 39 % of U - Swirl s outstanding common stock .
Ms. Munjal joined Sears as Director , Information Technology , in March 2003 .
MIC LLC was formed on April 13 , 2004 .
Prior to that Mr. Kramer served ATMI as Senior Vice President and General Manager , Microelectronics , since February 2013 .
On August 15 , 2017 , Inspired Builders ( the Company ) , the majority shareholders of the Company ( the Sellers ) and JJL Capital Management , LLC ( the Purchaser ) entered into a stock purchase agreement ( the Stock Purchase Agreement ) , whereby the Purchaser purchased from the Sellers 5,643,979 shares of common stock , par value $ 0.001 per share , of the Company ( the Shares ) , representing approximately 50.73 % of the issued and outstanding shares of Inspired Builders , Inc , for an aggregate purchase price of $ 564.39 ( the Purchase Price ) .
distribute cash generated by MOSAIC CO operations outside the United States to MOSAIC CO stockholders ; or .
The California State Board of Equalization conducted a sales and use tax audit of Inogen Inc operations in California in 2008 .
Based on Delta Tucker Holdings , Inc. annual financial results for the year ended December 31 , 2016 , Delta Tucker Holdings , Inc. made an additional principal payment as required under the Excess Cash Flow provision of $ 25.1 million on April 4 , 2017 .
Effective August 14 , 2012 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into an option agreement with GD Glottech International to protect Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. license and distribution rights in the event that Glottech - USA became unable to perform and honor its obligations to us .
R. Joseph Stratman ( 59 ) , Executive Vice President of Raw Materials , was named EVP in September 2007 , having previously served as Vice President of Nucor since 1999 .
As of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report , ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L P management carried out an evaluation , with the participation of ( i ) A. James Teague , ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L P general partner s Chief Executive Officer , ( ii ) W. Randall Fowler , ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L P general partner s President , and ( iii ) Bryan F. Bulawa , ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L P general partner s Chief Financial Officer , of the effectiveness of ENTERPRISE PRODUCTS PARTNERS L P disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 .
Though Nobilis Health Corp. was incorporated in British Columbia , all of Nobilis Health Corp. s subsidiaries are incorporated in the United States .
On September 16 , 2015 , China Modern Agricultural Information , Inc. 60%-owned subsidiary , Jiasheng Consulting , exercised its option to purchase all of the registered equity of China Modern Agricultural Information , Inc. operating subsidiary , Zhongxian Information from its stockholders Zhengxin Liu and Youliang Wang , who are also the members of China Modern Agricultural Information , Inc. Board of Directors , for RMB10,000 ( approximately $ 1,634 ) .
Patrick Gosselin By : Patrick Gosselin , President , CEO , Principal Executive Officer , Treasurer , Chairman .
Mr. Bishar , ARBOR REALTY TRUST INC secretary , is general counsel to ARBOR REALTY TRUST INC Manager .
In March 2017 , HEAT BIOLOGICS , INC . entered into a stock purchase agreement with Pelican Therapeutics , Inc. ( Pelican ) a related party , to acquire an 80 % controlling interest in Pelican .
Elizabeth F. Shore Name : Elizabeth Shore Title : Senior Vice President as a Lender By : /s/
Our success depends upon the efforts of Ominto , Inc. top management team and certain other key employees , including the efforts of Ivan Braiker ( Chief Executive Officer and President ) , Thomas J. Virgin ( Chief Financial Officer ) , Thomas Vogl ( Chief Marketing Officer ) , Michael Hansen ( Executive Vice President Development and Founder ) , Jeffrey Schuett , Ominto , Inc. new Executive Vice President of Operations and Solutions Development , and Betina Dupont Sorensen ( Chief Marketing Officer for DubLi Network ) .
In June 2017 , the state of Utah and PacifiCorp issued requests to the EPA to reconsider its decision in issuing the FIP .
On January 31 , 2014 , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . entered into a Series E Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement ( the Series E Purchase Agreement ) with C Media and certain other purchasers ( collectively , the Investors ) , pursuant to which YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . issued to the Investors an aggregate of 14,285,714 shares of Series E Preferred Stock of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . for $ 1.75 per share , or a total purchase price of $ 25.0 million .
Seagate Technology plc pay a floating rate , based on LIBOR plus an interest rate spread , on the notional amount of the TRS .
Pursuant to the requirements of the applicable Servicing Agreement for the transactions listed on Schedule I hereto , the undersigned , Steven W. Smith , as Executive Vice President of Midland Loan Services , a division of PNC Bank , National Association , hereby certifies , subject to any limitations listed on Schedule I hereto , as of the date hereof , solely in his capacity as an officer and not in his individual capacity , as follows : .
FIS completed the SunGard acquisition on November 30 , 2015 , and SunGard 's results of operations and financial position are included in the consolidated financial statements from and after the date of acquisition .
EnerJex Resources , Inc. business activities are currently focused in Kansas , Colorado , Nebraska , and Texas .
David W. Williams , President and Chief Executive Officer of Noble - Cayman and Dennis J. Lubojacky , Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Noble - Cayman , have evaluated the disclosure controls and procedures of Noble - Cayman as of the end of the period covered by this report .
Section 906 Certification of David B. Rottino , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of LinnCo , LLC 99.1
On October 31 , 2013 , J.E.M. CAPITAL , INC . entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement ( the " Purchase Agreement " ) with Zosano Pharma Corporation , formerly known as ZP Holdings , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( Zosano Pharma ) , pursuant to which J.E.M. CAPITAL , INC . issued and sold to Zosano Pharma 10,016,973 shares of J.E.M. CAPITAL , INC . common stock , $ 0.0001 par value , for an aggregate cash purchase price of $ 365,000 .
Both Heritage Global Inc. and Executive may terminate Executive 's employment at any time during the Employment Period without Cause by giving him a Notice of Termination thirty ( 30 ) days prior to the Termination Date .
Carlyle Group L.P. regularly rely on exemptions from various requirements of the Securities Act of 1933 , as amended ( the Securities Act ) , the Exchange Act , the Investment Company Act , the Commodity Exchange Act , and the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 , as amended ( ERISA ) , in conducting Carlyle Group L.P. asset management activities in the United States .
Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. common stock is listed on the NYSE .
The compensation committee was established on August 4 , 2014 and currently consists of Mr. Sekhri , as chairman , Dr. Buckland and Mr. Van Nostrand .
It is also possible that the FDA will not approve the sale of any of Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc products in the United States if Ohr Pharmaceutical Inc submit an NDA for such product .
In 2001 , ALAMO GROUP INC acquired all of the assets of SMC Corporation ( SMC ) .
From 2005 through 2007 , Dr. Anderson also served as Chief Economist for CNL Financial Group as well as Divisional President for CNL Real Estate Advisors .
Results of Ope rations The following table presents a summary of NAVIGATORS GROUP INC consolidated financial results for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 : .
In January 2015 , EDMC completed a restructuring which resulted in a material modification of the original terms and an extinguishment of New Mountain Finance Corp s original investment in EDMC .
In addition , RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . s consolidated financial statements include the operations of one wholly - owned subsidiary that has jointly elected to be treated as a TRS and is subject to U.S. federal , state and local income taxes at regular corporate tax rates .
Stellar Biotechnologies , Inc. were originally incorporated in Canada on June 12 , 2007 under the name China Growth Capital , Inc. and subsequently changed Stellar Biotechnologies , Inc. name to CAG Capital , Inc. on April 15 , 2008 .
Effective December 1 , 2014 , RETAIL PROPERTIES OF AMERICA , INC . terminated its participation in the Captive and established a new wholly - owned captive insurance company .
For example , since shares of INSTRUCTURE INC common stock were sold in INSTRUCTURE INC initial public offering in November 2015 , at a price of $ 16.00 per share , INSTRUCTURE INC common stock s daily closing price on the New York Stock Exchange has ranged from $ 14.05 to $ 22.64 through February 17 , 2016 .
As of December 31 , 2015 , no debt was designated as a hedge of ROYAL CARIBBEAN CRUISES LTD net investments in Pullmantur and TUI Cruises .
On December 18 , 2013 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into an agreement with GD Glottech International Ltd ( GDGI ) whereby Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. loaned to GDGI the sum of 20,000 .
Foreign Exchange PEPSICO INC operations outside of the United States generated 42 % of PEPSICO INC net revenue in 2016 , with Mexico , Canada , Russia , the United Kingdom and Brazil comprising approximately 19 % of PEPSICO INC net revenue in 2016 .
If the distribution is determined to fail to qualify under applicable Internal Revenue Code provisions , then , in general , Grace may recognize taxable gain as if it had sold GCP Applied Technologies Inc. common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value ( unless Grace and GCP jointly make an election under Section 336(e ) of the Internal Revenue Code ( the Code ) with respect to the distribution , in which case , in general , GCP Applied Technologies Inc. would ( i ) recognize taxable gain as if GCP Applied Technologies Inc. had .
From July 2007 to May 2012 , Mr. Blazye served as FLEETCOR TECHNOLOGIES INC Chief Executive Officer FleetCor Europe .
BioPharmX Corp believe that Mr. Hubbard should serve on BioPharmX Corp Board of Directors due to his broad range of experience serving large public and private companies in the United States and internationally , including experience with the reporting requirements for complex transactions , including carve outs and spin offs , direct involvement with numerous SEC filings and significant experience working with SEC staff , including the pre clearance of accounting issues , responses to comments letters on periodic filings and offering documents .
Includes beneficial holdings of Golden Globe Energy ( US ) , LLC , a Delaware limited liability company Platinum Partners Value Arbitrage Fund L.P , a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership ( PPVA ) , Platinum Management ( NY ) LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Platinum Management ) , Platinum Partners Credit Opportunities Fund LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( PPCO ) , Platinum Credit Holdings LLC , a Delaware limited liability company ( Credit Holdings ) , and Mark Nordlicht ( collectively , the Parties ) .
During 2013 , DENBURY RESOURCES INC received DENBURY RESOURCES INC first CO 2 deliveries from the ConocoPhillips - operated Lost Cabin gas plant in central Wyoming , started CO 2 injection at DENBURY RESOURCES INC Bell Creek Field in Montana , and commenced tertiary oil production from this field .
Steven Ross Chief Financial Officer and Director ( Principal Accounting Officer ) .
In addition , Blackstone Group L.P. founder , Stephen A. Schwarzman , has the right to request that Blackstone Group L.P. register the sale of common units held by holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units an unlimited number of times and may require us to make available shelf registration statements permitting sales of common units into the market from time to time over an extended period .
Note 4 : Investment Management Investment Advisory Agreement On September 30 , 2014 , OHA Investment Corp entered into the Investment Advisory Agreement with OHA , an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 , or Advisers Act , pursuant to which OHA replaced NGP Investment Advisor , LP as OHA Investment Corp investment advisor .
The International Segment includes General Motors Financial Company , Inc. operations in Brazil , Chile , Colombia , Mexico and Peru as well as General Motors Financial Company , Inc. equity investment in SAIC - GMAC , a joint venture that conducts auto finance operations in China .
On April 6 , 2016 , Mr. Ron Loudoun replaced Mr. Dennis Petke as sole Director and as President , CEO , Secretary and Treasurer of AMERICAN PARAMOUNT GOLD CORP .
Dean P. Freeman joined Grace in September 2015 as Vice President , GCP Finance .
CYBEROPTICS CORP manufacture all of CYBEROPTICS CORP sensor products in CYBEROPTICS CORP Minneapolis , Minnesota headquarters facility .
Asia - Pacific gross profit decreased $ 2.8 million primarily due to a $ 3.5 million decrease in gross profit from lower net sales partially offset by a $ .7 million reduction in production costs and freight expense .
Cullen Investments Ltd , a company controlled by Eric Watson , who beneficially owns approximately 17.3 % of Long Island Iced Tea Corp. common stock , and Petrina Advisors , Inc , a company owned by Paul Vassilakos , a member of Long Island Iced Tea Corp. board of directors , have paid certain expenses on Long Island Iced Tea Corp. behalf .
To the extent Carlyle Group L.P. and/or certain of Carlyle Group L.P. senior Carlyle professionals fund additional capital into a portfolio company or real estate investment that is experiencing difficulties , Carlyle Group L.P. may be required to consolidate such entity into Carlyle Group L.P. financial statements under applicable U.S. GAAP .
In June 2015 , Gannett Co , Inc. completed the acquisition of the remaining 59.4 % interest in the Texas - New Mexico Partnership ( TNP ) that Gannett Co , Inc. did not own from Digital First Media .
In August 2016 , USD Partners LP received notification from the sole customer of USD Partners LP San Antonio terminal stating their intent to terminate USD Partners LP terminalling services agreement with them in early February 2017 , which was extended in January 2017 to May 1 , 2017 .
INTERMOLECULAR INC net loss decreased to $ 2.9 million and increased to $ 8.7 million for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 , respectively , compared to net loss of $ 4.0 million and $ 5.7 million for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2016 .
For the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , Five9 , Inc. revenues were $ 162.1 million , $ 128.9 million and $ 103.1 million , respectively , representing year - over - year growth of 26 % and 25 % , respectively .
In 2002 Mobil Erdgas and BEB formed a new company ExxonMobil Production Deutschland GmbH to carry out all exploration , drilling and production within the Oldenburg concession .
For U.S. federal income tax purposes , FS Energy & Power Fund may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which FS Energy & Power Fund do not receive a corresponding payment in cash .
Eastman Kodak Company 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement .
The employment and non - compete agreement between HANGER , INC . and Kenneth W. Wilson , President of HANGER , INC . subsidiary , Southern Prosthetic Supply , Inc , as amended and restated February 25 , 2013 , provides for the continued employment of Mr. Wilson unless the employment agreement is terminated by either party pursuant to the terms therein .
Prior to that , Mr. Myers served in other senior leadership positions with Westmoreland Coal in marketing and business development during two periods dating to 1989 .
On March 12 , 2013 , ARK RESTAURANTS CORP made a $ 4,200,000 investment in the New Meadowlands Racetrack LLC ( NMR ) through its purchase of a membership interest in Meadowlands Newmark , LLC , an existing member of NMR .
XL GROUP LTD 's consolidated results of operations include those of Catlin from May 1 , 2015 .
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Executive Committee and Unitholders Equinox Frontier Funds Equinox Frontier Balanced Fund have audited the accompanying statements of financial condition , including the condensed schedules of investments , of the Equinox Frontier Diversified Fund , Equinox Frontier Long / Short Commodity Fund , Equinox Frontier Masters Fund , Equinox Frontier Balanced Fund , Equinox Frontier Select Fund , Equinox Frontier Winton Fund , and Equinox Frontier Heritage Fund of Equinox Frontier Funds ( collectively , the Series ) as of December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , and the related statements of operations , changes in owners capital , and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31 , 2015 .
CPI Card Group Inc. 2014 reported results include four mo nths of results from EFT Source .
In February 2014 , Hughes Satellite Systems Corp entered into agreements with DISH Network to implement a transaction pursuant to which , among other things : ( i ) in March 2014 , EchoStar and HSS issued shares of the Tracking Stock to DISH Network in exchange for five satellites owned by DISH Network ( EchoStar I , EchoStar VII , EchoStar X , EchoStar XI and EchoStar XIV ) ( including assumption of related in - orbit incentive obligations ) and approximately $ 11.4 million in cash ; and ( ii ) in March 2014 , DISH Network began receiving certain satellite services on these five satellites from us .
System Energy , Entergy Arkansas , Entergy Louisiana , Entergy Mississippi , and Entergy New Orleans entered into the Reallocation Agreement relating to the sale of capacity and energy from Grand Gulf and the related costs , in which Entergy Louisiana , Entergy Mississippi , and Entergy New Orleans agreed to assume all of Entergy Arkansas s. Table of Contents Entergy Corporation and Subsidiaries Notes to Financial Statements .
At December 31 , 2015 , SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO investment in Energ a Sierra Ju rez had a carrying value of $ 30 million , reflecting subsequent equity method activity to record distributions and earnings .
TransMontaigne Partners L.P. conduct TransMontaigne Partners L.P. operations in the United States along the Gulf Coast , in the Midwest , in Houston and Brownsville , Texas , along the Mississippi and Ohio rivers , and in the Southeast .
Lastly , with receipt of ( i ) prior consent of the electing Series E holder or a majority of shares of Series E Redeemable Preferred and ( ii ) all other required approvals , including under any principal U.S. securities exchange on which LSB INDUSTRIES INC common stock is then listed for trading , LSB INDUSTRIES INC can redeem the Series E Redeemable Preferred by the issuance of shares of common stock having an aggregate common stock price equal to the amount of the aggregate Liquidation Preference of such shares being redeemed in shares of common stock in lieu of cash at the redemption date .
Envision Healthcare Corp 's unaudited consolidated financial statements reflect AmSurg 's results for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2016 , and Envision Healthcare Corp s results as of December 31 , 2016 and for the three and six months ended June 30 , 2017 .
On January 1 , 2015 , IBERIABANK CORP and IBERIABANK became subject to revised capital adequacy standards as implemented by new final rules approved by the U.S. banking regulatory agencies , including the FRB , to implement the revised standards of the BCBS and to address relevant provisions of the Dodd - Frank Act .
Mr. Rogers currently serves on the board of directors of Presidential Realty Corp , a public REIT .
From April 2009 to June 2010 , Mr. Lamkin served as Senior Vice President of Consumer Products and Applications at Yahoo , a global technology company providing online search , content and communication tools .
Pursuant to the Separation and Distribution Agreement and the Tax Sharing Agreement , Grace agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities , and GCP Applied Technologies Inc. agreed to indemnify Grace for certain liabilities , and GCP Applied Technologies Inc. agreed to indemnify Grace in each case for uncapped amounts , as discussed further in Certain Relationships and Related Transactions - Agreements with Grace .
Certain of ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN , LLC direct and indirect wholly - owned subsidiaries are unlimited liability companies and are taxed as corporations under the laws of Canada .
Franklin Square Holdings is controlled by FS Energy & Power Fund chairman , president and chief executive officer , Michael C. Forman , and FS Energy & Power Fund vice - chairman , David J. Adelman .
Non - GAAP measures information ENTEGRIS INC s consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) .
In accordance with the terms of the Amendment , Jay Palmer , Carrie Dwyer and Donica Holt , the Spirit Bear holdover directors , tendered their resignation from the Board of Directors of the Company .
Delta International Oil & Gas Inc. operations in the Far East ( Indonesia ) and Delta International Oil & Gas Inc. construction operations in Puerto Rico were discontinued in 2008 .
Prior to his affiliation with CCS , from June 2011 to August 2013 , Mr. Ewasko was employed by TD Ameritrade , Inc. in Jersey City , NJ , serving as the Chief Compliance Officer for the firm s RIA business as well as providing compliance support for TD Ameritrade , Inc. s institutional business .
In November 2014 , MARCUS CORP assumed management and acquired a 10 % interest in The Hotel Zamora and Castile Restaurant in St. Pete Beach , Florida .
At September 30 , 2017 , Resource Capital Corp. held a 9.5 % interest in RCM Global with a fair value of $ 32,000 , and the remainder was owned by subsidiaries of Resource America and certain of its employees and their spouses .
The following table presents the high and low sales prices per share of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. common stock during each calendar quarter since it commenced trading on the NYSE on April 18 , 2013 until December 31 , 2015 : .
If conditions in Venezuela worsen or if low commodity prices persist for an extended period of time , Baker Hughes a GE Co may be required to record adjustments to Baker Hughes a GE Co receivables balance .
Pursuant to the corporate law of the PRC , Jiasheng Consulting and China Modern Agricultural Information , Inc. s Chinese VIE and its subsidiaries are required to transfer 10 % of their net income , as determined under PRC accounting rules and regulations , to a statutory reserve fund until such reserve balance reaches 50 % of its registered capital .
Secured Line of Credit On January 27 , 2016 , Sillerman Investment Company VI LLC ( SIC VI ) , an affiliate of Robert F.X. Sillerman , the Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. entered into a secured revolving loan agreement ( the Secured Revolving Loan ) with DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. and its subsidiaries , wetpaint.com , Inc. and Choose Digital Inc. ( collectively , the Subsidiaries ) , pursuant to which DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. can borrow up to $ 1,500 .
From October 2009 through October 2011 , Mr. DeLuca served as Managing Partner at NMD Investments .
In connection with the acquisition of LORAL SPACE & COMMUNICATIONS INC . ownership interest in Telesat in 2007 , Loral retained the benefit of tax recoveries related to the transferred assets and indemnified Telesat ( Telesat Indemnification ) for certain liabilities , including Loral Skynet s tax liabilities arising prior to January 1 , 2007 .
Ben Franklin Financial , Inc. total liabilities increased $ 2.5 million or 3.4 % to $ 77.2 million at December 31 , 2016 primarily due to the $ 2.0 million increase in Ben Franklin Financial , Inc.
Lode - Star Mining Inc. president and CEO , Mark Walmesley , currently receives no compensation for his services .
On September 18 , 2013 , Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc. acquired substantially all of the assets of YES Trans , Inc. ( " YES Trans " ) for the purpose of expanding its current market presence in the TL segment .
As a result of Tianhe Union Holdings Ltd. s inability to exercise control over Avi - Trip , on July 19 , 2016 , on the recommendation of Tianhe Union Holdings Ltd. s board of directors ( the Board ) , a majority of holders of Tianhe Union Holdings Ltd. s Common Stock voted to terminate the VIE agreements between WFOE and Avi - Trip , the termination became effective August 29 , 2016 .
Michael N. Kennedy has served as Chief Financial Officer of Midstream Management and Senior Vice President of Finance since January 2016 , prior to which he served as Vice President of Finance of Midstream Management beginning in February 2014 .
GCP Applied Technologies Inc. selected the expected return on plan assets for the U.S. qualified pension plans for 2015 in consultation with GCP Applied Technologies Inc. independent actuaries , using an expected return model .
Blackstone Group L.P. founder Mr. Schwarzman is subject to non - competition covenants but not garden leave requirements .
For Fiscal 2016 , CLAIRES STORES INC named executive officers were Ron Marshall , CLAIRES STORES INC current Chief Executive Officer , and Scott Huckins , CLAIRES STORES INC current Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
On April 11 , 2017 , in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Series B-2 Purchase Agreement , Seth Singerman resigned as IMH Financial Corp Series B-2 Director ( as such term is defined in the Restated Certificate of Designation ) , and was replaced , effective April 24 , 2017 , with Chad Parson .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT are currently evaluating the impact of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT pending adoption of ASU 2015 - 17 on CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT consolidated financial statements .
Mr. Coelho also serves as a member of the board of directors of Nasdaq - listed company , Catalyst Pharmaceuticals Partners , Inc. ( CPRX ) ( since October 2002 ) , and served as a member of the Board of Directors of NASDAQ - listed Mediware Information Systems , Inc. ( MEDW ) ( from December 2001 until July 2006 , and commencing again in May 2008 until it was sold in December 2012 ) .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses VIASAT INC consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ( GAAP ) .
HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA will also provide printed copies of these materials to any stockholder upon request to Hornbeck Offshore Services , Inc , Attn : General Counsel , 103 Northpark Boulevard , Suite 300 , Covington , Louisiana 70433 .
Because of constraints on Ominto , Inc. sources of capital and Ominto , Inc. liquidity needs , Ominto , Inc. have continued to borrow from Michael Hansen , Ominto , Inc. s founder , a director , and Ominto , Inc. s current Executive Vice President of Development , to fund Ominto , Inc. operations .
As part of the regulatory process , InspireMD , Inc. must conduct clinical trials for each product candidate to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the regulatory authorities , including , if InspireMD , Inc. seek in the future to sell InspireMD , Inc. products in the United States , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration .
Mr. Midlam has also served on the Marketing Advisory Board of Allianz Life Insurance Company of North America ( as Chairman ) , Old Mutual Financial Life Insurance Company , and ING North American Insurance Corporation .
Exhibit 24 Each person whose signature appears below does hereby constitute and appoint Terry D. McCallister , Adrian P. Chapman , Leslie T. Thornton , Vincent L. Ammann , Jr. and William R. Ford , or any of them singly , as such person s true and lawful attorney - in - fact and agent , with full power of substitution , resubstitution and revocation to execute , deliver and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission , for and on such person s behalf , and in any and all capacities , Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended September 30 , 2017 , of WGL Holdings , Inc. and Washington Gas Light Company any and all amendments thereto , under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith , granting unto said attorneys - in - fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done as fully to all intents and purposes as such person might or could do in person , hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney - in - fact and agent or such person s substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof .
Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013 - C13 examination was not designed to detect material noncompliance that may have occurred prior to the period covered by this report and that may have affected Morgan Stanley Bank of America Merrill Lynch Trust 2013 - C13 's activities with respect to the Platform during the period covered by this report .
Essent Group Ltd. primary U.S. mortgage insurance subsidiary , Essent Guaranty , Inc , received its certificate of authority from the Pennsylvania Insurance Department in July 2009 .
OceanFirst Services , LLC was originally organized in 1982 .
From 2006 through 2009 , Mr. Shi also served as the chief financial officer and a director of the board of ChinaGrowth South Acquisition Corporation , which acquired Olympia Media Holdings Ltd. in January 2009 , the largest privately - owned newspaper aggregator and operator in China .
Mr. Robinson joined Svedala in 1992 when it acquired Denver Equipment Company of which he was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
The Marriott management agreements terminate in 2026 for FelCor Lodging LP Renaissance hotels and 2029 for FelCor Lodging LP Marriott hotel , and these agreements may be extended to 2056 and 2039 , respectively , at Marriott s option .
$ 2.4 billion at SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO other subsidiaries for acquisition of SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO joint venture partner s 50 - percent interest in GdC , capital projects in Mexico and South America , and development of LNG , natural gas and renewable generation projects .
By signing his name hereto , John W. Kapples is signing this document on behalf of each of the persons indicated above pursuant to powers of attorney duly executed by such persons and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
During 2015 , DENBURY RESOURCES INC used an average of 684 MMcf / d of CO 2 ( including CO 2 captured from industrial sources ) for DENBURY RESOURCES INC tertiary activities .
If one of Citius Pharmaceuticals , Inc. product candidates is approved by the FDA or by another regulatory authority for a territory outside of the U.S , Citius Pharmaceuticals , Inc. will be required to comply with extensive regulations for product manufacturing , labeling , packaging , adverse event reporting , storage , distribution , advertising , promotion and record keeping .
In addition , XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP had one U.S. patent application , one Chinese patent application , one European Union patent application and one Taiwanese patent application , all related to proprietary elements of XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP tablet products , and one U.S. patent application , one Taiwanese patent application and one International PCT patent application related to XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP wireless dock .
On September 6 , 2016 , TCA commenced an action against Bravatek Solutions , Inc. and Bravatek Solutions , Inc. s CEO , Dr. Cellucci , as validity guarantor , filed in the Circuit Court of the 17 th Judicial Circuit in and for Broward County , Florida , for amounts owed to TCA by Bravatek Solutions , Inc. under their revolving credit agreement with the Company .
For the same reason , Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. has not provided deferred U.S. tax on cumulative translation adjustments associated with these earnings .
In connection with the Separation Agreement , GCP entered into various agreements with Grace to provide a framework for GCP Applied Technologies Inc. s relationship with Grace after the Separation and Distribution .
Mr. Kirkland , MULTI SOLUTIONS II , INC Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer , and Ms. Fasanelli , MULTI SOLUTIONS II , INC Secretary , Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer , are responsible for managing MULTI SOLUTIONS II , INC administrative affairs , including MULTI SOLUTIONS II , INC reporting obligations pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act .
Axiom Holdings , Inc , and its wholly - owned Florida based subsidiary Quality Resort Hotels , Inc , has been marketing discount vacation packages to sought - after resort destinations throughout North America .
Foreign Currency Translation - The functional currency of INNODATA INC s production operations located in the Philippines , India , Sri Lanka and Israel is the U.S. dollar .
ESTIMATES NUCOR CORP discussion and analysis of NUCOR CORP financial condition and results of operations are based upon NUCOR CORP consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
On April 6 , 2016 , P.T. KinerjaPay Indonesia a subsidiary was organized under the laws of Indonesia .
In June 2011 , Boca Oncology Partners RE , LLC ( BOPRE ) , an affiliated entity , purchased a 20 % interest in Boca West IMP , LLC ( Boca West IMP ) , owner of a medical office building in West Boca , Florida in which BOP operates .
DTHERA SCIENCES acquired all of the outstanding shares of EveryStory , and agreed to issue an aggregate of 77,377,713 pre - split /15,477,604 post - split shares of DTHERA SCIENCES s common stock to the EveryStory holders , with the understanding that an additional 21,942,062 pre - split/4,388,997 shares were to be reserved for issuance to holders of EveryStory derivative securities which are convertible or exercisable into shares of EveryStory common stock ( collectively , the Exchange Shares ) .
Included in The Children s Place U.S. segment are Childrens Place , Inc. 's U.S. and Puerto Rico - based stores and revenue from its U.S.- based wholesale business .
Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc are highly dependent on Mr. Craig Thompson , Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc Chief Executive Officer , Dr. William R. Shanahan , Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc Chief Medical Officer , Dr. Renee Martin , Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc Senior Vice President , Medical Sciences , and the other principal members of Anthera Pharmaceuticals Inc executive team .
On September 16 , 2011 , IXYS CORP /DE/ stockholders approved the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan , or the 2011 Plan , under which 600,000 shares of IXYS CORP /DE/ common stock are reserved for the grant of stock options and other equity incentives .
The ASU provides detailed disclosure requirements , which are more detailed than under current U.S. GAAP .
Erez Egozi , Chief Financial Officer , ( Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer ) Date : May 8 , 2017 .
Mr. Bruckmann previously served as a member of the board of directors of MarkWest Energy Partners , L.P , from June 2014 until February 2016 , and he also served on the board of Duncan Energy Partners L.P. from 2007 until September 2011 , where he was Chairman of the Audit and Conflicts Committee .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of North America Frac Sand , Inc.   on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I , David Alexander , Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of North America Frac Sand , Inc , certify to the best of my knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
The North American Insurance segment includes Allied World Assurance Co Holdings , AG direct specialty insurance operations in the United States , Bermuda and Canada , as well as Allied World Assurance Co Holdings , AG claims administration services operation .
ARLP holds a 98.9899 % limited partnership interest in the Intermediate Partnership and MGP holds the 1.0001 % managing general partner interest in the Intermediate Partnership .
From March 1987 to June 1995 , Mr. Cassano served as senior vice president and chief financial officer of the Hill Group , Inc , a privately - held engineering and consulting organization , and from February 1986 to March 1987 , Mr. Cassano served as vice president of investments and acquisitions for Safeguard Scientifics , Inc , a public venture development company .
In February 2017 , CTI BIOPHARMA CORP announced the appointment of Adam Craig , M.D , Ph . D , as President and Chief Executive Officer effective March 2017 , and also in March 2017 , CTI BIOPHARMA CORP announced the appointment of Bruce J. Seeley as Executive Vice President , Chief Commercial and Administrative Officer and Secretary .
In connection with the Notes and the Indenture , Gladwyne Funding also entered into ( i ) an amended and restated investment management agreement with FS Energy & Power Fund , as investment manager , dated as of September 11 , 2014 , pursuant to which FS Energy & Power Fund will manage the assets of Gladwyne Funding ; and ( ii ) a collateral administration agreement with Virtus Group , LP , or Virtus , as collateral administrator , dated as of September 11 , 2014 , pursuant to which Virtus will perform certain administrative services with respect to the assets of Gladwyne Funding .
From October 2010 until March 2011 , Mr. Youngkin served as Carlyle s interim principal financial officer .
INTER PARFUMS INC sell directly to retailers in France as well as through INTER PARFUMS INC own distribution subsidiaries in Italy , Germany , Spain and the United States .
The options had an aggregate value totaling $ 71,630 were issued to Messrs. Verweij , van Wijk and de Vries , executive officers of IDdriven , Inc. company .
As a condition to this acquisition , mCig , Inc. entered into a Consulting Agreement with Robert Kressa II , who became the President and CEO of Grow Contractors Inc , a wholly owned subsidiary of MCIG , Inc. mCig , Inc. considers the acquisition of Agri - Contractors , LLC as a purchase of an asset , not a business .
The increase in o ur SaaS and maintenance revenues included an $ 8.6 million increase in MODEL N , INC . SaaS subscription , a $ 5.7 million increase in MODEL N , INC . maintenance and support and managed support services revenues , and $ 0.2 million in MODEL N , INC . training and customer reimbursable expense .
Cash Flows Used in Investing Activities Cash flows used in investing activities in the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 were primarily due to SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC . investment in Pandora of $ 480,000 , loans to related parties of $ 130,794 , payments to acquire additional ownership in related parties ( inclusive of transaction costs ) of $ 132,205 , the acquisition of Automatic for $ 107,736 ( net of cash and restricted cash acquired ) , and additional spending of $ 78,852 to construct replacement satellites , improve SIRIUS XM HOLDINGS INC . terrestrial repeater network , and for capitalized software .
On October 1 , 2005 , IMAGEWARE SYSTEMS INC entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Miller pursuant to which Mr. Miller serves as President and Chief Executive Officer , which agreement is currently set to expire on December 31 , 2017 .
Build - A - Bear Workshop , Inc , a Delaware corporation , was formed in 1997 and is primarily a specialty retailer offering a make your own stuffed animal interactive retail - entertainment experience .
10.21*+ Change in Control , Confidentiality and Noncompete Agreement with Mr. Robert P. Gerseny JD , former President of Bar Harbor Trust Services and former Vice President of Bar Harbor Bank Trust .
For the three months ended March 31 , 2016 Capitol Acquisition Corp. III net loss was $ 345,354 and operating expenses were $ 447,521 .
In the U.S , there are several proposals under consideration to reform tax law , including proposals that may reduce or eliminate the deferral of U.S. income tax on OCWEN FINANCIAL CORP unrepatriated earnings , penalize certain transfer .
Additional risks include the potential for restrictive actions by foreign governments , changes in economic conditions in each market , foreign customers who may have longer payment cycles than customers in the United States , the impact of economic , political and social instability of those countries in which MULTI COLOR Corp operate and acts of nature , such as typhoons , tsunamis , or earthquakes .
Effective June 30 , 2017 , PAVmed Inc. and Michael J. Glennon , Vice Chairman and a member of PAVmed Inc. s Board of Directors , mutually agreed to terminate the consulting agreement between PAVmed Inc. and Mr. Glennon ( the Glennon Consulting Agreement ) .
For example , when pricing offerings in the marketplace , INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES CORP may use some of the advantage from a weakening U.S. dollar to improve its position competitively , and price more aggressively to win the business , essentially passing on a portion of the currency advantage to its customers .
Mr. Ellis has served as a director of Brekford Corp. since July 2015 .
If Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. company was not to be treated as a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes , certain tax inefficiencies and adverse tax consequences and reporting requirements would result for both Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. company and the recipients and holders of stock in Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. company , including that dividend distributions from Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. insurance subsidiaries to us would be subject to 30 % U.S. withholding tax , with no available reduction and that members of the consolidated group may not be permitted to file a consolidated U.S. tax return resulting in the acceleration of cash tax outflow and potential permanent loss of tax benefits associated with net operating loss carryforwards ( " NOLs " ) that could have otherwise been utilized .
GaN Lawsuit Against Infineon On April 26 , 2016 , MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings , Inc. and MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings , Inc. wholly - owned subsidiary Nitronex , LLC brought suit against Infineon Technologies Americas Corporation ( Infineon Americas ) and Infineon Technologies AG ( Infineon AG and collectively , with Infineon Americas , Infineon ) in the Federal District Court for the Central District of California , seeking injunctive relief , monetary damages , and specific performance of certain contractual obligations .
Mr. McKenney is also the Chief Financial Officer of Sundance Energy , L.P , a newly - formed oil and gas limited partnership .
WEST BANCORPORATION INC operates in three markets : central Iowa , which is generally the greater Des Moines metropolitan area ; eastern Iowa , which is the area including and surrounding Iowa City and Coralville , Iowa ; and the Rochester , Minnesota area .
COSTAR GROUP INC provide information , analytics and online marketplace services to the commercial real estate and related business community in the U.S , the U.K , and parts of Canada , Spain , Germany and France .
Prior to joining Logitech , Mr. De Luca served as Executive Vice President of Worldwide Marketing for Apple Computer , Inc , a consumer electronics and computer company , from February 1997 to September 1997 , and as President of Claris Corporation , a U.S. personal computing software vendor , from May 1994 to February 1997 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Schneider National , Inc. ( the Company ) , for the quarterly period ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Christopher B. Lofgren , Chief Executive Officer and President of Schneider National , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to my knowledge : .
John K. Stephens , Jr , President and Chief Executive Officer , and Tracy L. Keegan , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , of Atlantic Coast Financial Corporation ( the Company ) , each certify in their capacity as an officer of Atlantic Coast Financial CORP that they have reviewed the quarterly report of the Company on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 ( the Report ) , and that : .
Prior to joining SemGroup Corp company , Ms. Cheeseman served as general counsel of Global Power Equipment Group Inc , a. Table of Contents .
Another matter , which accounted for $ 9 and less than $ 1 of the recorded liability as of December 31 , 2016 and June 30 , 2016 , respectively , relates to environmental costs associated with one of CLOROX CO /DE/ s former operations at a site located in Alameda County , California .
HEAT BIOLOGICS , INC . wholly - owned subsidiary , Zolovax , Inc. ( Zolovax ) , is in pre - clinical studies to develop therapeutic and preventative vaccines to treat infectious diseases based on HEAT BIOLOGICS , INC . gp96 vaccine technology , with a current focus on the development of a Zika vaccine in collaboration with the University of Miami .
Meineng Energy assembles and manufactures certain of EnSync , Inc. 's products for sale in the power management industry on an exclusive basis in mainland China and on a non - exclusive basis in Hong Kong and Taiwan .
The change in cash during the year ended December 31 , 2015 was mainly driven by NUVASIVE INC funding litigation settlements , including the trademark infringement settlement of $ 27.2 million , and $ 13.5 million for the OIG settlement , cash tax payments on behalf of shareowners with net share settlement of $ 56.9 million , cash paid for purchased intangibles of $ 32.0 million which includes $ 27.4 million which was accrued for in the fourth quarter of 2014 , and $ 36.3 million in income tax obligations , and ordinary seasonal payments such as annual bonuses .
ACTIVECARE , INC . also agreed to pay as a bonus to ADP Management a fee equal to 15 % of the funds raised less payments to third parties owed in regards to the funds raised .
There can be no assurance that this matter will be resolved in COPART INC s favor or that COPART INC will not ultimately be required to make a substantial payment to the Georgia DOR .
None of the members of Tokai Pharmaceuticals Inc compensation committee is an officer or employee of Tokai Pharmaceuticals Inc company , and other than Dr. Harrison , who served as Tokai Pharmaceuticals Inc Chief Executive Officer from August 2008 until September 2011 , none of the members of Tokai Pharmaceuticals Inc compensation committee has ever been an officer or employee of Tokai Pharmaceuticals Inc company .
If you would like us to mail you a copy of MARCUS CORP corporate governance guidelines or a committee charter , please contact Thomas F. Kissinger , Senior Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary , The Marcus Corporation , 100 East Wisconsin Avenue , Suite 1900 , Milwaukee , Wisconsin 53202 - 4125 .
In the six months ended December 31 , 2015 , net cash used in operating activities was $ 5,044 , including DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. net loss of $ 58,109 , impairment loss of $ 30,402 , non cash , stock based compensation charges of $ 10,327 , and depreciation and amortization of $ 2,435 .
Mr. Patterson is a graduate of University of Texas at Arlington with a Masters of Computer Science and Engineering degree and from the University of Washington with a B.S. in Civil Engineering .
Prior to this , from 2008 to May 2015 , Mr. Gould served as the Vice President and General Manager for the Americas Technology Services Consulting Organization for Hewlett - Packard Company ( HP ) .
Sales for the raw materials segment increased 10 % from 2013 primarily due to increased volumes in DJJ s brokerage and recycling businesses and NUCOR CORP natural gas drilling activities , partially offset by decreased pricing at DJJ .
CPE Resources agreed to indemnify Rio Tinto for certain losses pursuant to these agreements .
On October 25 , 2016 , Net Element , Inc. entered into an amendment to the PayOnline acquisition agreement with the PayOnline Sellers , in which Net Element , Inc. agreed to assume $ 1,433,475 of certain refundable merchant deposit reserves .
As of March 31 , 2017 , Dr. Pehong Chen , BROADVISION INC Chairman and Chief Executive Officer , beneficially owned approximately 1.6 million shares of BROADVISION INC common stock , which represents approximately 33 % of the outstanding common stock as of such date .
TPI and VRI provide property management , HOA management and related services to nearly 150 vacation ownership resorts in the United States , Canada and Mexico .
SS&C Technologies Holdings Inc maintenance and term licenses revenues increased from $ 115.6 million in 2014 to $ 414.7 million in 2016 .
Antero Midstream Partners LP partnership agreement designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by Antero Midstream Partners LP unitholders , which limits Antero Midstream Partners LP unitholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or Antero Midstream Partners LP general partner s directors , officers or other employees .
SILGAN HOLDINGS INC used a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the 3 % Notes to prepay 187.0 million of Euro term loans under SILGAN HOLDINGS INC previous senior secured credit facility , to repay approximately 4.5 million of outstanding Euro revolving loans under SILGAN HOLDINGS INC previous senior secured credit facility and to repay approximately 34.0 million of certain other foreign bank revolving and term loans of certain of SILGAN HOLDINGS INC non U.S. subsidiaries .
In addition to the FDIC assessments , the Financing Corporation , formed in the 1980s to recapitalize the former Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation , is authorized to impose and collect , through the FDIC , assessments for anticipated payments , issuance costs and custodial fees on bonds issued by the Financing Corporation .
Factors that might cause NUCOR CORP s actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in forward - looking statements include , but are not limited to : ( 1 ) competitive pressure on sales and pricing , including pressure from imports and substitute materials ; ( 2 ) U.S. and foreign trade policies affecting steel imports or exports ; ( 3 ) the sensitivity of the results of NUCOR CORP operations to prevailing steel prices and changes in the supply and cost of raw materials , including pig iron , iron ore and scrap steel ; ( 4 ) availability and cost of electricity and natural gas which could negatively affect NUCOR CORP cost of steel production or could result in a delay or cancelation of existing or future drilling within NUCOR CORP natural gas drilling programs ; ( 5 ) critical equipment failures and business interruptions ; ( 6 ) market demand for steel products , which , in the case of many of NUCOR CORP products , is driven by the level of nonresidential construction activity in the U.S. ; ( 7 ) impairment in the recorded value of inventory , equity investments , fixed assets , goodwill or other long - lived assets ; ( 8) uncertainties surrounding the global economy , including the severe economic downturn in construction markets and excess world capacity for steel production ; ( 9 ) fluctuations in currency conversion rates ; ( 10 ) significant changes in laws or government regulations affecting environmental compliance , including legislation and regulations that result in greater regulation of greenhouse gas emissions that could increase NUCOR CORP energy costs and NUCOR CORP capital expenditures and operating costs or cause one or more of NUCOR CORP permits to be revoked or make it more difficult to obtain permit modifications ; ( 11 ) the cyclical nature of the steel industry ; ( 12 ) capital investments and their impact on NUCOR CORP performance ; and ( 13 ) NUCOR CORP safety performance .
Citi Trends Inc board of directors has appointed Bruce Smith to serve as Acting CEO ( while maintaining his position as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer ) , and has appointed R. Edward Anderson to serve as Executive Chairman to assist Mr. Smith in his transition to Acting CEO and to provide for the orderly succession of senior management responsibilites .
In connection with the Annual Report of Turbine Truck Engines , Inc , ( the " Company " ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , I , Judith Norstrud , Principal Accounting Officer of TURBINE TRUCK ENGINES INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S. C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to my knowledge : .
Inc consider the operating earnings of SYNAPTICS Inc foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely invested outside the United States .
CPI Card Group Inc. operations in Ontario , Canada and Petersfield , United Kingdom , and CPI Card Group Inc. corporate headquarters are reflected in Other .
Mr. Hill was elected to the board of directors of Blackstone Group L.P. general partner effective March 20 , 2007 .
Luminant . subsidiaries of Vistra Energy engaged in competitive market activities consisting of electricity generation and wholesale energy sales and purchases as well as commodity risk management , all largely in Texas .
Organization and Business The consolidated financial statements include , for all periods presented , the accounts of Pacific Ethanol , Inc , a Delaware corporation ( Pacific Ethanol ) , and its direct and indirect subsidiaries ( collectively , the Company ) , including its wholly - owned subsidiaries , Kinergy Marketing LLC , an Oregon limited liability company ( Kinergy ) , Pacific Ag .
Mr. Culpepper was terminated for Cause as the Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer of PROVECTUS BIOPHARMACEUTICALS , INC . effective December 27 , 2016 pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement entered into by Mr. Culpepper and PROVECTUS BIOPHARMACEUTICALS , INC . on April 28 , 2014 ( the Culpepper Agreement ) .
In such event , it is likely IMMUNOMEDICS INC could never receive any additional milestone payments or royalties that IMMUNOMEDICS INC are eligible to receive under IMMUNOMEDICS INC agreement with UCB , and IMMUNOMEDICS INC ability to fund the development and testing of IMMUNOMEDICS INC other product candidates could be adversely affected .
OCWEN FINANCIAL CORP operations in the Philippines and India expose us to foreign currency exchange rate risk , but OCWEN FINANCIAL CORP consider this risk to be insignificant .
Wells Fargo Bank , NA Effective November 1 , 2012 , Staffing 360 Solutions , Inc. s subsidiary , Monroe Staffing Services , LLC ( Monroe ) entered into a $ 14.0 million line of credit ( Credit and Security Agreement ) with Wells Fargo Bank , NA .
EVALUATING NUCOR CORP FINANCIAL CONDITION NUCOR CORP evaluate NUCOR CORP financial condition each reporting period by focusing primarily on the amounts of and reasons for changes in cash provided by operating activities , NUCOR CORP .
Prior to Black Diamond Group , Mr. Brown served as the Director of Business Development of Ascend Communications .
On December 6 , 2016 , MYnd Analytics , Inc , entered into a common stock Purchase agreement ( the Purchase Agreement ) with Aspire Capital Fund , LLC ( Aspire Capital ) which provides that , upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein , Aspire Capital is committed to purchase up to an aggregate of $ 10.0 million of shares of MYnd Analytics , Inc. s common stock over the 30 - month term of the Purchase Agreement .
Mr. Wong is currently the chief financial officer of Beijing Radio Cultural Transmission Company Limited , a music production and music data management service company , an independent director and chairman of the audit committees of the following companies : Daqo New Energy Corp. ( NYSE : DQ ) , Petroking Oilfield Services Limited ( HKSE : 2178 ) , Sky Solar Holdings , Ltd. ( NASDAQ : SKYS ) and China Maple Leaf Educational Systems Limited ( HKSE : 1317 ) .
For example , if Old Main had converted the 8 % Note on August 15 , 2017 , it would have received approximately 595,749 shares of CLS Holdings USA , Inc. common stock , which currently would represent approximately 1.8 % of CLS Holdings USA , Inc. outstanding common stock following issuance .
Premier , Inc. s overall effective tax rate differs from the U.S statutory tax rate primarily due to the aforementioned ownership structure as well as other items noted in Note 13 - Income Taxes .
On June 1 , 2015 , NEOGEN CORP acquired the assets of Sterling Test House , a commercial food testing laboratory based in India .
From May 2008 to April 2009 Mr. Lamkin served as Executive in Residence at Sutter Hill Ventures .
GENESCO INC 's business also includes Lids Sports Group , which operates headwear and accessory stores in the U.S , Puerto Rico and Canada primarily under the Lids banner ; the Lids Locker Room and Lids Clubhouse businesses , consisting of sports - oriented fan shops featuring a broad array of licensed merchandise such as apparel , hats and accessories , sports decor and novelty products , operating under various trade names ; licensed team merchandise departments in Macy 's department stores operated under the name Locker Room by Lids and on macys.com , under a license agreement with Macy 's ; certain e - commerce operations including lids.com , lids.ca , lidslockerroom.com , lidsclubhouse.com and neweracap.com .
Equity Method Investments Dominion Energy Atlantic Coast Pipeline In October 2016 , Dominion Energy purchased an additional 3 % membership interest in Atlantic Coast Pipeline from Duke for $ 14 million , which adjusted Dominion Energy s and Duke s membership interest to 48 % and 47 % , respectively .
Compensation Committee believes it is appropriate and consistent with Jive Software , Inc. compensation peer group to provide cash incentives to Mr. Lautenbach , Jive Software , Inc. top sales executive , Jive Software , Inc. top sales executive , under a separate commission plan in order to drive sales .
John P. Wick , Jr. joined SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC in 1995 and currently serves as Senior Vice President and General Manager , Mobile Transaction Services , a role he has held since March 2014 .
Historically , Yuma Energy , Inc. operations have focused on onshore properties located in central and southern Louisiana and southeastern Texas where Yuma Energy , Inc. have a long history of drilling , developing and producing both oil and natural gas assets .
Lightstone SLP II LLC , which is wholly owned by LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUST II INC s Sponsor , committed to purchase subordinated profits interests in the Operating Partnership ( Subordinated Profits Interests ) at a cost of $ 100,000 per unit for each $ 1.0 million in subscriptions up to ten percent of the proceeds from the primary shares under the initial public offering and the follow - on Offering .
I L.L.C. ( Holdco I ) and Lodge Holdco II L.L.C. ( Holdco II ) , each a Delaware limited liability company , were formed on January 4 , 2006 .
FBR & Co. institutional brokerage revenues decreased $ 10.7 million to $ 45.4 million in 2015 from $ 56.2 million in 2014 .
Website Availability of Reports and Other Corporate Governance Information Revlon , Inc , which owns 100 % of Products Corporation 's common stock , maintains a comprehensive corporate governance program , including Corporate Governance Guidelines for
If ORIGINCLEAR , INC . s consolidated gross revenue , calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles , consistently applied , equals or exceeds $ 15,000,000 for the trailing twelve month period as reported in ORIGINCLEAR , INC . s quarterly or annual financial statements , ORIGINCLEAR , INC . will issue up to 428,571 shares of its common stock ;
Guidewire Software , Inc. quarterly and annual results of operations may fluctuate significantly due to a variety of factors , many of which are outside of Guidewire Software , Inc. control .
Mr. Yongke Xue ( Y. K. Xue ) , then the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of Future FinTech Group Inc. and currently a Member of Future FinTech Group Inc. s Board of Directors ( the Board ) and Mr. Hongke Xue , Future FinTech Group Inc. Chairman and CEO , indirectly and beneficially own 80.0 % and 9.4 % of the equity interest in the Lender , respectively .
The SEC   alleged that during the period Mr. Dalton was an officer and director of Track Group   , Mr. Dalton and David G. Derrick , also an officer and director of Track Group , failed to disclose personal guarantees related to the sale of equipment by Track Group , and that the non - disclosures resulted in material misstatements of $ 2 million in overstated revenue in Track Group 's financial statements for fiscal years 2007 and 2008 in that company 's Forms 10 - KSB , 10 - KSB / A , 10 - QSB , and 10 - QSB / A filed from September 2007 through January 2010 .
In the United Kingdom ( U.K. ) , COPART INC operates both on a principal basis , purchasing the salvage vehicle outright from the insurance company and reselling the vehicle for its own account , and as an agent .
For 2016 , the Compensation Committee was comprised of Messrs. Fargo , Garrett , Goddard , and Jones , and Ms. Tellez , each of whom was an independent director .
Fogt is the President and the sole indirect owner of , and controls , Evolution Physical Therapy , Inc. ( 4 ) This amount includes : ( i ) 1,274,002 shares held by Summit Capital USA , Inc. ( Summit USA ) , which is beneficially owned as follows : 50 % owned by Summit Capital Corp. ( Summit Corp. ) , 2 Anthony Henday Center , 4914 - 55 St , Red Deer , AB , Canada T4N 2J4
Goodwill increased $ 13.0 million , or 102.3 % to $ 25.6 million at March 31 , 2017 from $ 12.7 million at June 30 , 2016 primarily as a result of the acquisition of TriSummit .
SHB s primary operations are in China .
Pursuant to Dr. Barry s employment agreement , if Dr. Barry s employment is terminated upon his death or disability , by Dr. Barry for good reason ( as such term is defined in Dr. Barry s employment agreement ) , or by us without cause ( as such term is defined in Dr. Barry s employment agreement ) , Dr. Barry will be entitled to receive , in addition to other unpaid amounts owed to him ( e.g , for base salary and accrued vacation ): ( i ) the pro rata amount of any bonus for the fiscal year of such termination ( assuming full achievement of all applicable goals under the bonus plan ) that he would have received had his employment not been terminated ; ( ii ) a one - time lump sum severance payment equal to 150 % of his base salary , provided that he executes a release relating to employment matters and the circumstances surrounding his termination in favor of us , InspireMD , Inc. subsidiaries and InspireMD , Inc. officers , directors and related parties and agents , in a form reasonably acceptable to us at the time of such termination ; ( iii ) vesting of 50 % of all unvested stock options , restricted stock , stock appreciation rights or similar stock based rights granted to Dr. Barry , and lapse of any forfeiture included in such restricted or other stock grants ; ( iv ) an extension of the term of any outstanding stock options or stock appreciation rights until the earlier of ( a ) eighteen months from the date of termination , or ( b ) the latest date that each stock option or stock appreciation right would otherwise expire by its original terms ; ( v ) to the fullest extent permitted by InspireMD , Inc. then - current benefit plans , continuation of health , dental , vision and life insurance coverage for the lesser of 18 months after termination or until Dr. Barry obtains coverage from a new employer ; and ( vi ) a cash payment of $ 25,000 , which Dr. Barry may use for executive outplacement services or an education program .
He also serves as the Chief Executive Officer of Summit Medical Center in Edmond , Oklahoma , formed after the sale and reorganization of Foundation Surgical Hospital of Oklahoma , where Mr. Summers was the Chief Executive Officer since January of 2007 .
Named Executive Officers SWIFT ENERGY CO Named Executive Officers ( NEOs ) are : Terry Swift , Chief Executive Officer and President ( CEO ) ; Alton Heckaman , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( EVP CFO ) ; Robert Banks , Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer ( EVP COO ) ; Steven Tomberlin , Senior Vice President Asset Management ( SVP - AM ) ; and Bruce Vincent , Retired President ( effective February 15 , 2015 ) , who although not an officer or employee as of date of this Form 10 - K , for purposes of this disclosure is included as an NEO under applicable SEC regulations .
RING ENERGY , INC . reserves estimates and process for developing such estimates are reviewed and approved by its Vice President of Operations , Daniel D. Wilson , a petroleum engineer , and Chief Executive Officer , Kelly Hoffman , to ensure compliance with SEC disclosure and internal control requirements and to verify the independence of the third party consultants .
Recurring fees , which generally comprise over 98 % of the WM T revenue , increased $ 1.1 million , or 12.3 % , for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , compared to the same period in 2016 .
On July 24 , 2017 , pursuant to a Reorganization and Share Exchange Agreement , by and among , Modular Medical , Inc , Paul M. DiPerna , the sole officer and director and the controlling stockholder of Quasuras Inc , a Delaware company ( Quasuras ) , Messrs. Besser and Frank ( Messrs. Besser , Frank and Mr. DiPerna , shall sometimes be collectively referred to as the 3 Quasuras Shareholders ) and Quasuras ( the Acquisition Agreement ) , Modular Medical , Inc. acquired all 4,400,000 issued and outstanding shares of Quasuras common stock owned by the 3 Quasuras Shareholders ( which represented 100 % of the issued and outstanding shares of Quasuras ) in exchange for 7,582,060 shares of Modular Medical , Inc. common stock , resulting in Quasuras becoming Modular Medical , Inc. wholly - owned subsidiary ( the Acquisition ) and Mr. DiPerna owning approximately 47 % of Modular Medical , Inc. issued and outstanding common stock , after giving effect to the Private Placement ( as defined below ) and the Share Cancellation ( as defined below ) .
MD A is provided as a supplement to Houston Wire & Cable CO s Consolidated Financial Statements ( unaudited ) and the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ( unaudited ) and should be read in conjunction with the MD A included in Houston Wire & Cable CO s Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
EVERTEC , Inc. believe that the penetration of electronic payments in the markets in which EVERTEC , Inc. operate is significantly lower relative to the U.S. market , and that this ongoing shift will continue to generate substantial growth opportunities for EVERTEC , Inc. business .
Upon any liquidation , dissolution , or winding up of the Company ( a " Liquidation " ) or a Fundamental Transaction ( as defined in the Certificate of Designation for the Series C Preferred Stock ) , holders of the Purchased Preferred Shares are entitled to receive out of the assets of EnSync , Inc. an amount equal to the higher of ( 1 ) the Stated Value , which was $ 28,048,000 as of December 31 , 2015 and ( 2 ) the amount payable to the holder if it had converted the shares into common stock immediately prior to the Liquidation or Fundamental Transaction , for each share of the Purchased Preferred Stock after any distribution or payment to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock and before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of EnSync , Inc. 's existing Common Stock , and if the assets of EnSync , Inc. shall be insufficient to pay in full such amounts , then the entire assets to be distributed shall be ratably distributed in accordance with respective amount that would be payable on such shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full , which was $ 21,951,048 as of December 31 , 2015 .
Mascota Resources Corp. ( " the Company , " " we , " " us , " or " our " ) was incorporated in the state of Nevada on November 3 , 2011 .
The obligations under the revolving credit facility , the 2019 notes , the 2022 private placement notes and the 2022 notes are secured by a security interest in ( i ) substantially all of the present and future tangible and intangible assets of APX Group , Inc , and the guarantors , including without limitation equipment , subscriber contracts and communication paths , intellectual property , fee - owned real property , general intangibles , investment property , material intercompany notes and proceeds of the foregoing , subject to permitted liens and other customary exceptions , ( ii ) substantially all personal property of APX Group , Inc. and the guarantors consisting of accounts receivable arising from the sale of inventory and other goods and services ( including related contracts and contract rights , inventory , cash , deposit accounts , other bank accounts and securities accounts ) , inventory and intangible assets to the extent attached to the foregoing books and records of the Issuer and the guarantors , and the proceeds thereof , subject to permitted liens and other customary exceptions , in each case held by the Issuer and the guarantors and ( iii ) a pledge of all of the capital stock of APX Group , Inc , each of its subsidiary guarantors and each restricted subsidiary of APX Group , Inc. and its subsidiary guarantors , in each case other than excluded assets and subject to the limitations and exclusions provided in the applicable collateral documents .
Robert D. Bondurant , Executive Vice President , Treasurer , Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of .
As of May 31 , 2017 , CLS Holdings USA , Inc. had accrued salary due to Michael Abrams , a former officer of CLS Holdings USA , Inc , prior to his September 1 , 2015 termination , in the amount of $ 16,250 .
For emerging markets opportunities , in 2012 and 2013 , Oncobiologics , Inc. established early country - specific partnerships for ONS-3010 and ONS-1045 in China with Huahai , in India with IPCA Laboratories Limited , or IPCA , and in Mexico with Laboratories Liomont , S.A. de C.V , or Liomont , and in September 2017 Oncobiologics , Inc. entered into an agreement with GMS Tenshi Holdings Pte . Limited , or GMS Tenshi , providing for the license of rights to ONS-3010 and ONS-1045 in emerging markets excluding China , India and Mexico .
From April 2008 to March 2010 , Mr. Sha worked as the leasing manager at Changchun Saide Shopping Center .
In August 2014 , SAFEGUARD SCIENTIFICS INC acquired a 24.6 % interest in Propeller Health , Inc. for $ 9.0 million .
Revenues before Reimbursements Garden City Group revenues are primarily derived from legal settlement administration services related to class action settlements , mass tort , and bankruptcies , primarily in the U.S. Garden City Group revenues before reimbursements decreased 13.4 % to $ 20.0 million in the third quarter of 2017 , compared with $ 23.1 million for the same period in 2016 .
Service revenue increased $ 83.8 million due primarily to higher revenue in the Safety Assessment business , as a result of the WIL Research acquisition that contributed $ 57.5 million to service revenue growth , and increased study volume in CHARLES RIVER LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL INC legacy business ; higher revenue in the Discovery Services business , as a result of the acquisition of Agilux that contributed $ 8.3 million to revenue growth ; Contract Manufacturing revenue related to the CDMO business of WIL Research that contributed $ 1.8 million to revenue growth ; higher revenue in the Biologics business , which includes the Blue Stream acquisition that contributed $ 1.8 million to revenue growth ; and higher research model services revenue ; partially offset by the negative effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates .
As of September 30 , 2017 , approximately $ 1,370 million of the $ 1,722 million of cash and cash equivalents was held by NATIONAL OILWELL VARCO INC foreign subsidiaries , of which $ 1,319 million would be subject to a 35 % U.S. income tax rate , offset by any available foreign tax credits if repatriated .
Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. broker - dealer subsidiaries are subject to regulations in the U.S. and abroad covering all aspects of their business .
Bank of Marin Bancorp earnings , financial condition and prospects after the merger will depend in part on Bank of Marin Bancorp ability to integrate the operations and management of Napa and to continue to implement Bank of Marin Bancorp own business plan .
During 2015 , Hatteras Financial Corp terminated the swaptions held as of December 31 , 2014 and received proceeds of $ 2,049 .
Lafayette , LA 70505 - 2747 Annual Meeting IBERIABANK Corporation Annual Meeting of Shareholders will be held on Wednesday , May 4 , 2016 at 4:00 p.m , local time , at the Windsor Court Hotel , located at 300 Gravier Street , New Orleans , Louisiana .
PPBGL was incorporated in Hong Kong on September 21 , 2016 as a company with limited liability as an investment holding company .
On December 8 , 2014 , the number of Cytocom Inc. shares of common stock that were issued to Immune Therapeutics , Inc. shareholders totaled 113,242,522 shares .
In the opinion of management , the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments necessary to present fairly NEWPARK RESOURCES INC financial position as of March 31 , 2017 and NEWPARK RESOURCES INC results of operations and cash flows for the first quarter of 2017 and 2016 .
In 2014 , Capstone Therapeutics Corp. terminated the License Agreement with AzTE ( Licensor ) for the core intellectual property relating to AZX100 and returned all interest in and rights to the AZX100 intellectual property to the Licensor .
In consideration of the License Agreement , Orbital Tracking Corp. issued GTC 2,222,222 shares of Orbital Tracking Corp. s common stock .
During 2010 in connection with the change of control and pursuant to the Purchase Agreement , Perry D. West resigned as HighLight Networks , Inc. s President , Chief Executive Officer , and Director of the Company .
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Lumos Networks Corp , Lumos Networks Operating Company , a wholly - owned subsidiary of Lumos Networks Corp , and all of Lumos Networks Operating Company s wholly - owned subsidiaries and those limited liability corporations where Lumos Networks Operating Company or certain of its subsidiaries , as managing member , exercised control .
Acquisition of Bi - Phase Technologies , LLC On May 1 , 2015 ( Bi - Phase Date of Acquisition ) , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . acquired all of the membership interests in Bi - Phase Technologies , LLC , a Minnesota limited liability company ( Bi - Phase ) and wholly - owned subsidiary of TPB , Inc , a Minnesota corporation .
From September 2011 to March 2013 , Ms. Wells also served as Vice President , Assistant General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of LINN Energy .
Jeremy P. Feakins has served as TETRIDYN SOLUTIONS INC chief executive officer , chief financial officer , and secretary / treasurer since March 2015 .
On April 5 , 2011 , several broker - dealers and their principals / officers , including Capital Financial Holdings , Inc and John Carlson , who was then President and Chief Compliance Officer of Capital Financial Holdings , Inc , filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of California for Orange County against Mayer Hoffman McCann , P.C. ( Mayer Hoffman ) captioned Signature Financial Group , Inc , et al , ( Signature ) v. Mayer Hoffman McCann , P.C , et al .
Outside of ERIE INDEMNITY CO normal operating and investing cash activities , future funding requirements could be met through : 1 ) cash and cash equivalents , which total approximately $ 110.4 million at March 31 , 2017 , 2 ) a $ 100 million bank revolving line of credit , and 3 ) liquidation of unpledged assets held in ERIE INDEMNITY CO investment portfolio , including common stock and investment grade bonds , which totaled approximately $ 349.4 million at March 31 , 2017 .
In recent years , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . have experienced customers being less willing to enter into long - term coal sales contracts as they continue to adjust to relatively low U.S. natural gas prices , increased price volatility , increased fungibility of coal products , frequently changing regulations and the increasing deregulation of their industry .
The following discussion and analysis presents factors that had a material effect on SKYWEST INC results of operations during the years ended December 31 , 201 5 , 201 4 and 201 3 .
The following table represents HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA s stock option activity for the year ended December 31 , 2014 ( in thousands , except per share data and years ): .
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , David J. Sambrooks , President and Chief Executive Officer of Midstates Petroleum Company , Inc. ( the Company ) , and Richard W. McCullough , Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of Midstates Petroleum Company , Inc , certify that , to their knowledge : .
manufacture and assemble POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . products at POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . primary facilities in suburban Chicago , Illinois , Darien , Wisconsin and Madison Heights , Michigan .
Keysight Technologies , Inc. ( " we , " " us , " " Keysight " or the " company " ) , incorporated in Delaware on December 6 , 2013 , is a measurement company providing electronic design and test solutions to communications and electronics industries .
The United States in general or the specific markets in which NOODLES & Co operate may suffer from depressed economic activity , recessionary economic cycles , higher fuel or energy costs , low consumer confidence as a result of stock market volatility and other reasons , high levels of unemployment , reduced home values , increases in home foreclosures , investment losses , personal bankruptcies , reduced access to credit or other economic factors that may affect consumers ' discretionary spending .
AMERICAN TOWER CORP /MA/ significant investing activities during the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 are highlighted below : .
If WL Ross Holding Corp. effect an initial Business Combination with a company located in the United States but with operations or opportunities outside of the United States , WL Ross Holding Corp. would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact WL Ross Holding Corp. operations .
Mr. Worrall has served as Senior Vice President Ratings Delivery and Data since February 2013 and Head of MIS Operations , Data Controls since February 2016 .
current quarter total revenues were favorably impacted by the effect of foreign currency translation , primarily reflecting changes in the U.S. Dollar as compared to the currencies of Mylan s subsidiaries in the European Union and India , which was partially offset by the unfavorable impact from changes in the Japanese Yen .
The financial records of HotApp International , Inc. s subsidiaries located in Singapore , Hong Kong and the PRC are maintained in their local currencies , the Singapore Dollar ( S$ ) , Hong Kong Dollar ( HK$ ) and Renminbi ( " RMB " ) , which are also the functional currencies of these entities .
Barbara P. Ruhlman is a member of the Company s Board of Directors and the mother of Robert G. Ruhlman who is also a member of the Board of Directors and Chairman , President and CEO of the Company .
On July 10 , 2012 , the board of directors authorized the issuance of 13,742,000 common stock options to Jeff Stockdale , Ambient Water Corp s President and Chief Operating Officer and 14,947,000 common stock options to Jeff Mitchell , Ambient Water Corp s Chief Financial Officer and Secretary .
Through Medical Device Sales and Service ( " MDSS ) , DIGIRAD CORP provide contract sales services , as well as warranty and post - warranty services , under DIGIRAD CORP contract with Philips Healthcare ( " Philips " ) within a defined region in the upper Midwest region of the United States .
Mr. Silber was elected to the Board as a Class II director in September 2001 .
The following table sets forth outstanding equity awards to RIGHTSCORP , INC . named executive officers as of December 31 , 2015 .
Mr. Cassano was appointed as director of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . effective as of January 11 , 2008 .
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , Alphabet and Google Larry Page , the Chief Executive Officer of Alphabet , was one of Google s founders and has served as a member of GOOGLE INC . Board of Directors since its inception in September 1998 , and as Google s Chief Executive Officer from April 2011 to October 2015 ( when he became the Chief Executive Officer of Alphabet ) .
In February 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. have settled in full approximately $ 353,000 of amounts included in accounts payable and accrued expenses in January 2015 .
During the employment term , Mr. Mueller would serve as Chairman and would devote a percentage of his business time and attention to GMS Inc. as follows ( expressed as a percentage of his business time allocated to GMS Inc. on an annual basis during the twelve - month period prior to May 1 , 2015 ): ( i ) 50 % during the first year of the employment term and ( ii ) 30 % during each of the second and third years of the employment term .
AN Supply Agreement , dated effective January 1 , 2010 , between El Dorado Chemical Company and Orica International Pte Ltd. Exhibit 10.27 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 10 - K filed March 8 , 2010 .
Premier , Inc , through its consolidated subsidiary , PSCI , held a 28 % ownership interest in PharmaPoint , LLC ( " PharmaPoint " ) through its 5.0 million units of Class B Membership Interests at June 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
During the three months ended December 31 , 2015 , Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. increased its property and equipment primarily by approximately $ 660,000 in connection with recently completed tenant improvements in connection with the lease for its corporate offices ( see Note 10 ) .
Mr. Manning was previously Chairman of the Board of LB Pacific and TLP Energy and a director of Mediterranean Resources and VantaCore Partners .
CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . do not anticipate that CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . will pay in the near term , cash dividends on CPE Inc. s common stock .
Prior to becoming Chief Information Officer , Mr. McRae served as Senior Vice President and General Manager of Enterprise Intelligence Solutions and as Senior Vice President of Global Customer Operations .
Additionally , as disclosed in Note 9 , Income Taxes , to CLEVELAND BIOLABS INC s consolidated financial statements included in the 2016 Form 10 - K , CLEVELAND BIOLABS INC had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $ 134,774,000 , which begin to expire if not utilized by 2023 , and approximately $ 3,905,000 of federal tax credit carryforwards which begin to expire if not utilized by 2024 .
Mr. Khosla served in various senior executive capacities at Unilever , Inc , a global consumer products company from 1977 to 2004 .
In May 2015 , Mr. Heung was appointed as the director of DSwiss Inc. Mr. Heung s experience in the financial industry as well as his advisory role have led the Board of Director to reach the conclusion that he should serve as a Director of DSwiss Inc. Corporate Governance .
( 2 ) Disclosed amounts paid to KMSmith LLC , an entity controlled by Mr. Smith .
The Force Awakens in December 2015 , the expected film slate for the remainder of fiscal 2016 includes films from well - known series such as Divergent , Batman / Superman , Captain America , Alice Through The Looking Glass , X - Men , Pixar s Finding Dory , Independence Day , Ghostbusters , Ice Age , Star Trek and the Jason Bourne series .
Entergy Arkansas also sells some of its Grand Gulf capacity and energy to Entergy Louisiana , Entergy Mississippi , and Entergy New Orleans under separate agreements .
On May 11 , 2016 , Marathon Patent Group , Inc. entered into a consulting agreement with the Cooper Law Firm , LLC ( Cooper ) , pursuant to which Marathon Patent Group , Inc. agreed to issue 20,000 shares of Marathon Patent Group , Inc. s Common Stock .
Public comments by President Donald J. Trump may suggest his intent to change policies and regulations that implement current federal law , including those implementing the Dodd - Frank Act .
Mr. Barad brings over 20 years of executive managerial experience in successful technology ventures .
PPC - CA was originally formed in 2000 by PREMIER PACIFIC CONSTRUCTION , INC . President , Richard Francella to provide general contracting and construction services within San Diego County , California .
Liberty Ventures common stock is intended to reflect the separate performance of Liberty Interactive Corp Ventures Group which is comprised primarily of Liberty Interactive Corp interests in Evite , Inc. ( Evite ) , CommerceHub , Inc. ( CommerceHub ) ( through July 22 , 2016 ) ( see note 3 of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements ) and Bodybuilding.com , LLC ( " Bodybuilding " ) ( through November 4 , 2016 ) ( see note 3 of the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements ) ( collectively , the Digital Commerce businesses ) .
In 1994 , ALAMO GROUP INC acquired Signalisation Moderne Autoroutiere S.A. ( SMA ) located in Orleans , France .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of ATEL Growth Capital Fund 8 , LLC ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Dean L. Cash , Chairman of the Board , President and Chief Executive Officer of AGC Managing Member , LLC , Managing Member of ATEL Growth Capital Fund 8 , LLC , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
In November 2016 , PHH CORP entered into an agreement to sell substantially all of its Ginnie Mae ( " GNMA " ) MSRs and related advances to Lakeview Loan Servicing , LLC ( " Lakeview " ) .
Talmer amended its four federal tax returns for the years 2011 , 2012 , 2013 and 2014 to reflect the impact of changes to First Place Bank due to an IRS settlement in January of 2016 .
SteadyMed Ltd. prepare SteadyMed Ltd. consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States .
On August 2 , 2017 , CHINA AUTOMOTIVE SYSTEMS INC issued a press release announcing the appointment by the special committee ( the Special Committee ) of the Company s board of directors ( the Board ) of HoulihanLokey Capital , Inc. as its financial advisor and Kirkland Ellis as its U.S. legal counsel in connection with its review and evaluation of the previously announced preliminary non - binding proposal letter that the Board received on May 14 , 2017 from Mr. Hanlin Chen , the Chairman of the Board of CHINA AUTOMOTIVE SYSTEMS INC , relating to a possible going private transaction , as well as in connection with its review and evaluation of any other sale , merger , business combination or other corporate transaction , with Mr. Chen or any other party , and any other strategic alternatives .
HARTE HANKS INC will be required to meet covenants established by the Texas Capital Credit Facility following the expiration of the waiver .
As a result of the Contractual Arrangements of the Second Restructure , in which all of the profits of HDS will be paid under the terms of the Business Cooperation Agreement to JSJ , which is an indirect wholly - owned subsidiary of YBP , combined with the actual purchase by the HDS Shareholders of the HDS Shareholders Stock for cash , it could be viewed that Mr. Wang , Madame Qi and Mr. Han have , in effect , paid for their HDS Shareholders Stock twice .
NanoString Technologies Inc expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which NanoString Technologies Inc operations are located , which is primarily in the United States .
CNS revenue was $ 5.5 million in the three months ended June 30 , 2017 , compared to $ 4.6 million , in the same period in the prior year .
Operating Revenues - Energy Services - Combined revenues for Energy Services , net of intercompany transactions , increased $ 8.9 million , or 16.1 % , to $ 64.0 million in 2014 compared with 2013 .
Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the quarterly period ended September 30 , 2016 , filed with the Commission on November 14 , 2016 , MADRIGAL PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that , as of September 30 , 2016 , MADRIGAL PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level .
The aggregate common shares of Valeritas Holdings , Inc. held by CRG upon closing of the 2016 Merger were 1,185,970 .
On March 9 , 2015 , American Acquisition entered into a loan and security agreement ( Loan Agreement ) for a $ 35.0 million loan facility with Fifth Third Bank .
Strategic Storage Growth Trust , Inc. operating results for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 include full quarter results for 12 operating self storage properties plus partial quarter results for one operating self storage property acquired during the first quarter of 2016 , while Strategic Storage Growth Trust , Inc. operating results for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 include full quarter results for 14 operating self storage properties plus partial quarter results for two lease - up self storage properties acquired during the first quarter of 2017 ; therefore , Strategic Storage Growth Trust , Inc. believe there is little basis for comparison between the three months ended March 31 , 2017 and 2016 .
Third Amendment to AN Supply Agreement , dated effective April 9 , 2013 , between El Dorado Chemical Company and Orica International Pte Ltd. Exhibit 99.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K , filed May 1 , 2013 .
Except under certain circumstances , Kilroy Realty , L.P , at Kilroy Realty , L.P. option , may satisfy the cash redemption obligation with shares of Kilroy Realty , L.P. s common stock on a one - for - one basis .
Gregg S. Sutton joined SURMODICS INC in January 2016 as Vice President of Research and Development , Medical Devices .
Gregory S. Marcus joined MARCUS CORP company in March 1992 as Director of Property Management / Corporate Development .
HLBE has agreed to pay GFE $ 35,000 per month for the first year of the Management Services Agreement .
may , directly or indirectly , disparage MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS INC or any Parent or Subsidiary or any of its officers , directors , employees , advisors , businesses , or reputations , other than truthful statements or disclosures that are required by applicable law , regulation , or legal process ; and ( v ) Other than California : If Grantee is located in a jurisdiction other than California and certain other jurisdictions as determined by MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS INC , Grantee s compliance with the following covenants : ( A ) subject to applicable law , for the greater of the two ( 2)-year period following the date of Grantee s termination of Continuous Status as an Employee , Director or Consultant or the remainder of the vesting period , Grantee shall not engage in any services that are similar or substantially related to the services Grantee performed while in Continuous Status as an Employee , Director or Consultant for a Competitor ( as defined below ) of MAXIM INTEGRATED PRODUCTS INC as an employee , consultant , principal , agent , officer , director , joint venturer , member , investor , employer , owner , partner , shareholder ( except as a less than one percent shareholder of a publicly traded company ) , or otherwise .
AKCEA THERAPEUTICS , INC . made estimates of AKCEA THERAPEUTICS , INC . time to complete AKCEA THERAPEUTICS , INC . obligations under AKCEA THERAPEUTICS , INC . Novartis collaboration agreement , and in certain instances the timing of satisfying these obligations may change as the development plans for AKCEA THERAPEUTICS , INC . drugs progress .
The respondents included PERRIGO Co plc subsidiaries , Perrigo Israel Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and/or Perrigo Israel Agencies Ltd , the manufacturers of the product , and various healthcare providers who provide healthcare services as part of the compulsory healthcare system in Israel .
Whiting Petroleum - In 2004 , Alliant Energy sold its remaining interest in Whiting Petroleum .
The effect of this adjustment would have resulted in an approximately $ 344,000 increase to Medovex Corp. s overall net loss for the three months ended March 31 , 2015 , and a decrease to the investment in Streamline asset account by approximately $ 344,000 at March 31 , 2015 .
Also during his tenure with Parallel , Mr. Roberts sat on the boards of Environmental Lighting Concepts , Hat World Corporation , Senex Financial Corporation , Builders TradeSource Corporation , Action Sports , Weisman Discount Home Centers , Winnercom , Mealey s Furniture , Regional Management Corporation , Marmalade Cafes , and Diesel Service and Supply ( all of which are private companies ) .
AGILE THERAPEUTICS INC net loss was $ 28.7 million , $ 30.3 million and $ 16.1 million for the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively .
The accuracy of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT judgments and estimates about financial and accounting matters will impact CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT operating results and financial condition .
Randy I. Anderson , Ph . D CRE , Executive Vice President .
Prior to joining Planet Fitness , from August 2011 to July 2013 , Mr. Lively served as Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer , interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Administrative Officer for RadioShack Corporation .
Mr. Roe has served as a director of First Community since 2011 .
The increase was primarily attributable to a $ 5.8 million increase in personnel costs , largely as a result of a 42 % average increase in sales and marketing headcount as TWILIO INC continued to expand TWILIO INC sales efforts in the United States and internationally , a $ 0.4 million increase in marketing and advertising costs , a $ 0.5 million increase in credit card processing fees due to increased volume , a $ 0.3 million increase in professional fees , a $ 0.2 million increase in facilities expenses to accommodate TWILIO INC headcount growth , a $ 0.2 million increase in amortization expense related to TWILIO INC acquired intangible assets and a $ 0.2 million increase related to TWILIO INC SIGNAL conference .
Specifically this document contains forward - looking statements regarding , among other things , the continuance of significant seasonal fluctuations in MAD CATZ INTERACTIVE INC quarterly results of operations , inventories , receivables , payables and cash ; the sufficiency of funds available to meet operational needs , including payments under MAD CATZ INTERACTIVE INC note payable ; the ability to meet the financial covenants under MAD CATZ INTERACTIVE INC existing credit facilities ; the effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations ; the possible use of financial hedging techniques ; MAD CATZ INTERACTIVE INC expectations regarding sales , gross margins and operating expenses ; and the potential release of the valuation allowance against MAD CATZ INTERACTIVE INC deferred tax assets .
Noncontrolling interest at both June 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 represents the outside 25.0 % equity interest in the Hilton San Diego Bayfront , which Sunstone Hotel Investors , Inc. includes in its financial statements on a consolidated basis .
The holders of partnership units in Carlyle Holdings , including The Carlyle Group L.P. s wholly owned subsidiaries , incur U.S. federal , state and local income taxes on their proportionate share of any net taxable income of Carlyle Holdings .
Effective as of the Effective Date , RumbleON , Inc. 's Board of Directors appointed Steven Berrard , RumbleON , Inc. 's Chief Financial Officer , Secretary and a director , as principal accounting officer of RumbleON , Inc , and Kartik Kakarala as a director of RumbleON , Inc. Sales of Unregistered Securities .
Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc may receive formal or informal requests from the FTC regarding Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc Xyrem patent settlements , including Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc April 2017 settlement with West - Ward , and there is a risk that the FTC may commence a formal investigation or action against us , or a third party may initiate civil litigation regarding this settlement , which could divert the attention of management and cause us to incur significant costs , regardless of the outcome .
The following performance graph provides information regarding cumulative , five - year shareholder returns on an indexed basis of HILLS BANCORPORATION 's Common Stock compared to the NASDAQ Market Index and the Regional - Southwest Banks Index prepared by MORNINGSTAR of Chicago , IL .
STK Toronto was formed on August 10 , 2015 under the laws of Canada .
As of June 30 , 2017 , Zions Bank operates 99 branches in Utah , 23 branches in Idaho , and one branch in Wyoming .
Blackstone Liberty Place Associates L.P. was formed as a Delaware limited partnership on January 27 , 2015 ; WHEREAS , BPP Core Asia - NQ L.L.C , a Delaware limited liability company ( the Initial General Partner ) , and the Initial Limited Partner entered into a Limited Partnership Agreement dated as of January 27 , 2015 ( the Original Agreement WHEREAS , the General Partner , the Initial General Partner and the Initial Limited Partner amended and restated the Original Agreement pursuant to an Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement dated as of January 28 , 2015 ( the First Amended and Restated Agreement WHEREAS , the parties hereto now wish to amend and restate the First Amended and Restated Agreement in its entirety as hereinafter set forth , including to reflect the withdrawal of the Initial Limited Partner ; NOW , THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein made and intending to be legally bound , the parties hereto hereby agree that the First Amended and Restated Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows :
Prior to forming Carlyle in 1987 , Mr. Rubenstein practiced law in Washington , D.C. with Shaw , Pittman , Potts Trowbridge LLP ( now Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP ) .
Zayo Group Holdings , Inc. fiscal year ends June 30 each year and Zayo Group Holdings , Inc. refer to the fiscal year ended June 30 , 2017 as Fiscal 2017 , the fiscal year ended June 30 , 2016 as Fiscal 2016 , and the fiscal year ended June 30 , 2015 as Fiscal 2015 .
On June 26 , 2013 , Pluristem entered into an exclusive license and commercialization agreement ( the CHA Agreement ) with CHA , for conducting clinical trials and commercialization of Pluristem 's PLX - PAD product in South Korea in connection with two indications : the treatment of Critical Limb Ischemia ( CLI ) , and Intermediate Claudication ( collectively with CLI , the Indications ) .
( c ) Concurrent with the termination of the note purchase agreement with the Sumner Brook 2013 - VFN1 Trust discussed below , on June 29 , 2017 , OneMain Holdings , Inc. entered into the Thur River Funding LSA with the same third party lenders who were parties to the terminated note purchase agreement .
SEAN E. GEORGE , PH.D. Sean E. George , Ph.D. President and Chief Executive Officer .
HESKA CORP incurred expenses of $ 2.1 million , $ 1.7 million and $ 1.4 million in the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively , in support of HESKA CORP research and development activities .
Exelon previously filed registration statements registering shares for the ESP , including 6.2 million shares ( on a post - split basis ) registered in 2000 when the ESP began offering Exelon shares upon the merger that created Exelon and 5.6 million shares registered in 2012 after the merger of Constellation Energy Group , Inc. into Exelon and the merger of the Constellation Energy Group , Inc. Employee Savings Plan into the ESP .
From April 2007 through November 2010 , Mr. Egan was registered as an associated person of MS Co. From March 1993 through April 2007 , Mr. Egan was employed by Morgan Stanley DW Inc , a financial services firm , where his initial responsibilities included serving as an analyst and manager within the Managed Futures Department ( with primary responsibilities for product development , due diligence , investment analysis and risk management of the firm s commodity pools ) and later included serving as Head of Due Diligence and Manager Research for Morgan Stanley s Managed Futures Department .
Revlon , Inc. s Class A Common Stock , Products Corporation 's common stock or stock of intermediate holding companies between Revlon , Inc. and MacAndrews Forbes that are beneficially owned by MacAndrews Forbes could , in a sufficient amount , constitute a change of control under the Amended Credit Agreements and the 5 % Senior Notes Indenture .
Moreover , in July 2015 , the court ordered a stipulation between us , Takeda and Actavis in which Orexigen Therapeutics , Inc. and Takeda agreed to dismiss all defendants except Actavis without prejudice , and Actavis agreed that the related Actavis entities would be bound to judgments and orders of the court against Actavis and would be subject to discovery as if they were parties .
Bankrate , Inc. operate Bankrate , Inc. online network and supporting systems on servers at secure third - party co - locations , including facilities in Atlanta , Georgia , Austin , Texas and several other locations .
In connection with this transaction , EASTMAN KODAK CO entered into a separate agreement with FUJIFILM Corporation ( Fuji ) whereby , among other things , Fuji granted Kodak the right to sub - license certain Fuji patents to businesses Kodak ultimately sold as part of the Plan .
Ultimate Products CORP did not provide any current or deferred U.S. federal income tax provision or benefit for any of the periods presented because Ultimate Products CORP have experienced operating losses since inception .
In connection with the Annual Report of Hills Bancorporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Dwight O. Seegmiller , Director , President and Chief Executive Officer of HILLS BANCORPORATION , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
The functional currency of SunOpta Inc. operations located in Europe and Mexico are principally the euro and peso , respectively .
MERCURY SYSTEMS INC can not be sure of MERCURY SYSTEMS INC ability to obtain any licenses required to export MERCURY SYSTEMS INC products or to receive authorization from the U.S. federal government for international sales or domestic sales to foreign persons including transfers of technical data or the provision of technical services .
Donald Ray Lawhorne , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer .
While ENGLOBAL CORP do not believe that the possibility of a continued armed conflict with respect to Russia and Ukraine will affect the region in which ENGLOBAL CORP perform services under the CPC Project , conducting and expanding ENGLOBAL CORP international operations through the CPC Project subjects us to other risks that ENGLOBAL CORP do not generally face in the United States .
On April 1 , 2015 , eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp entered into an Operating Agreement with Evolution Physical Therapy , a company owned by eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp CEO , wherein it is agreed that EPT would be able to operate eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp PHZIO telemedicine platform and offer it to selected physical therapy patients of EPT . eWELLNESS
In October 2014 , Kibush Capital Corp negotiated the acquisition of a 50 % interest in Angel Jade ( which was 90,000,000 shares of common stock ) from Five Arrows Limited in exchange for 14,000,000 shares of Kibush Capital Corp common stock .
On February 26 , 2016 , the last sales price for Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital , Inc. common stock on the NYSE was $ 17.49 per share .
From 1970 to 1974 , Mr. Levin served as Manager of the Consulting Services Division of Arthur Young Company ( now Ernst Young ) in Toledo , Ohio .
As a result , DISH Network agreed to pay EchoStar an amount that includes $ 93.1 million of the federal tax benefit they received as a result of Hughes Satellite Systems Corp operations .
Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. principal operating subsidiaries are subject to separate regulation and capital requirements in the U.S. and other jurisdictions .
The Joint Venture agreement provides that Lewis will serve as the manager of the Joint Venture with the right to manage , control , and conduct its day - to - day business and development activities .
Guidewire Software , Inc. may experience significant quarterly and annual fluctuations in Guidewire Software , Inc. results of operations due to a number of factors .
The decrease achieved in lease operating expenses on a unit - of - production basis was primarily attributable to several key factors , including ( i ) decreased field supervisory costs as a number of third - party contractors became full - time employees during the second quarter of 2016 , ( ii ) decreased costs associated with Matador Resources Co Eagle Ford operations , including workover , salt water disposal and chemical costs , ( iii ) additional salt water disposal and gathering capacity added in both the Wolf and Rustler Breaks asset areas and ( iv ) increased oil equivalent production as compared to the three months ended March 31 , 2016 .
If one of SKYWEST INC major partners elects to terminate a flying agreement with notice of 120 days or less , SKYWEST INC ability to use the aircraft under an alternative agreement with similar economics may be limited , which could negatively impact SKYWEST INC financial results .
The complaint in this case alleges that a number of large retailers and restaurant companies , including NOODLES & Co , knowingly refused to fulfill obligations under Delaware 's Abandoned Property Law by failing to report and deliver " unclaimed gift card funds " to the State of Delaware , and knowingly made , used or caused to be made or used , false statements and records to conceal , avoid or decrease an obligation to pay or transmit money to Delaware in violation of the Delaware False Claims and Reporting Act .
Therefore , these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with Wowio , Inc. s audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto for the year ended December 31 , 2014 , included in Wowio ,
Because of The Goldman Sachs Group , Inc. 's status as a bank holding company , Essent Group Ltd. have agreed to certain restrictions on Essent Group Ltd. activities imposed by The Goldman Sachs Group , Inc. that are intended to facilitate compliance with the BHC Act and that may impose certain obligations on us .
In addition , MSCI Inc. expect that foreign cash flows from operations , together with existing cash and cash equivalents will continue to be sufficient to fund MSCI Inc. foreign operating activities and cash commitments for investing activities , such as material capital expenditures , for at least the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future thereafter .
SEARS HOLDINGS CORP operate numerous buying offices throughout the world that procure product internationally , as well as an information technology center in Pune , India .
Exelon prior year activity is unadjusted for the effects of the PHI Merger .
OFFICE DEPOT INC . acquired all of the capital stock of CompuCom for approximately $ 940 million ( including refinanced or assumed indebtedness and other liabilities ) , funded with a new $ 750 million 5 - year term loan facility , approximately 44 million shares of Office Depot common stock with an approximate value of $ 135 million , and approximately $ 55 million of cash on hand .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of ADM Tronics Unlimited , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the three and six months ended September 30 , 2017 , ( the Report ) , filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Andre DiMino , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer , of ADM TRONICS UNLIMITED , INC . hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of March 3 , 2014 among Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company , Alta Disposal Ltd , and 514742 B.C. Ltd. ( incorporated by reference to Lithium Exploration Group , Inc.
If legislation were to be enacted by the U.S. Congress , state or local governments or certain foreign governments to treat carried interest as ordinary income rather than as capital gain for tax purposes , such legislation would materially increase the amount of taxes that Carlyle Group L.P. and possibly Carlyle Group L.P. unitholders would be required to pay , thereby adversely affecting Carlyle Group L.P. ability to recruit , retain and motivate Carlyle Group L.P. current and future professionals .
Exhibit 31.2 Certification by Adam Logal , Chief Financial Officer , pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a ) and 15d-14(a ) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 for the quarterly period ended March 31 , 2017 .
STG Group , Inc. international operations are subject to special U.S. government laws and regulations , such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , and regulations and procurement policies and practices , including regulations to import - export control , which may expose us to liability or impair STG Group , Inc. ability to compete in international markets .
Mark S. Heil , President of Dougherty 's Holdings , Inc. By : /s/ Mark S. Heil .
In connection with ATOSSA GENETICS INC public offering that closed on April 3 , 2017 , ATOSSA GENETICS INC agreed not to utilize the financing arrangement with Aspire Capital until June 30 , 2017 and on June 30 , 2017 in connection with the temporary modification of ATOSSA GENETICS INC common stock warrants to allow for the net exercise of those warrants ATOSSA GENETICS INC agreed to extend this stand still for an additional 45 days .
VEREIT Operating Partnership , L.P. disposed of its interest in three of these Consolidated Joint Ventures during the year ended December 31 , 2015 , which included one Consolidated Joint Venture , whose only assets were investments in three Unconsolidated Joint Ventures .
The change of $ 422 million in net cash provided by ( used in ) investing activities in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to $ 1,527 million of higher cash payments for acquisitions in 2015 as compared to 2014 as described below , partially offset by a change in RAYTHEON CO/ short - term investments activity of $ 1,119 million as described below .
turn over to Global Gold at its offices in Rye , New York communications Caldera and/or Mr. Mavridis has had with third parties concerning Global Gold its officers , agents , directors and business Without limitation , the following shall also be turned over to Global Gold : all direct and indirect ( for example through a translator or agent ) communications with the following individuals and organizations : Azat Vartanian , Petros Vartanian , Joseph Borkowski , Jeffrey Marvin , Prem Premraj , Rasia FZE , Johan Ulander , Ecolur , Tom Prutzman , Stockhouse , Investor 's Hub , shareholders of Global Gold , and any governmental or regulatory authorities-- Caldera shall pay Global Gold $ 100 per day for every day following issuance of this Final Award that such materials are not delivered ; .
In 2016 the Board of Directors ended Dr. Claude Ranoux s service as President , Treasurer and Chief Scientist , and in his place elected Kathleen Karloff as Chairman of the Board , President and CEO , and Robert Bowdring as Treasurer and Secretary ; however , Dr. Ranoux , Ms. Karloff and Mr. Bowdring remained the sole members of INVO Bioscience , Inc. Board of Directors .
The consolidated financial statements include HCBF Holding Company , Inc. ( the Holding Company ) and its wholly owned subsidiary , Harbor Community Bank ( the Bank ) , together referred to as the Company .
On December 6 , 2016 , MICRON TECHNOLOGY INC acquired the remaining 67 % ownership interest in Inotera not owned by us ( the " Inotera Acquisition " ) and began consolidating Inotera 's operating results .
Requests for copies should be addressed to Thomas F. Kissinger , Senior Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary , The Marcus Corporation , 100 East Wisconsin Avenue , Suite 1900 , Milwaukee , Wisconsin 53202 - 4125 .
On January 20 , 2017 , prior and subject to the consummation of the merger , LEAP THERAPEUTICS , INC . and HealthCare Ventures IX , L.P. ( " HCV IX " ) entered into a subscription agreement pursuant to which HCV IX purchased 1,010,225 shares of LEAP THERAPEUTICS , INC . 's common stock for $ 10,000 , at a purchase price per share of $ 9.90 .
Pursuant to the ARPA , FWC could purchase , in its sole discretion , eligible accounts receivable of XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP s subsidiary on a revolving basis , up to a maximum of $ 8,500 , with full recourse for the face amount of such eligible receivables .
Mr. Heyer also serves as a member of the Executive Committee and Board of Trustees of the University of Pennsylvania and as Chair of the University of Pennsylvania Health System .
Phil Rykhoek Director , President and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
NOODLES & Co used approximately $ 15.7 million of cash flows for acquisitions in 2014 , when NOODLES & Co acquired substantially all of the assets of 16 restaurants from NOODLES & Co Indiana franchisee and an additional three restaurants from NOODLES & Co New Jersey franchisee .
These third - party marketers may decide to sell Granite Falls Energy , LLC products in countries other than the United States .
Name Age Positions Brian Keasberry 55 Secretary , Treasurer Daniel Serruya 49 President , Chief Financial Officer and director Gary Shields 56 Chief Technology Officer Brian Keasberry Secretary and Treasurer Mr. Keasberry has served as BRK , Inc. Treasurer and Secretary since BRK , Inc. formation on May 22 , 2008 .
Up until its sale and leaseback on March 31 , 2016 , Marina Towers , a 78,000 square foot , Class A , six - story building located on the Indian River in Melbourne , Florida , was owned by First Choice Healthcare Solutions , Inc. wholly owned subsidiaries , FCID Holdings , Inc. ( FCID Holdings ) , which held 99 % ownership , and MTMC of Melbourne , Inc , which held 1 % ownership .
On March 6 , 2014 , Vapetek Inc. entered into a Share Purchase Agreement , resulting in a change of control , with Alham Benyameen and Andy Michael Ibrahim whereby Richard Chiang Vapetek Inc. Chairman of the Board of Directors , President , CEO , CFO and Secretary elected Mr. Benyameen as Vapetek Inc. Chairman of the Board of Directors and Mr. Ibrahim as Vapetek Inc. President , CEO , CFO , Secretary and Member of Vapetek Inc. Board of Directors .
Additionally , Peak Resorts Inc agreed to extend the maturity dates on all non - prepayable notes and mortgages secured by the Mount Snow , Boston Mills , Brandywine , Jack Frost , Big Boulder and Alpine Valley properties remaining after the Debt Restructure by seven years to December 1 , 2034 , and to extend the lease for the Mad River property , previously terminating in 2026 , until December 31 , 2034 .
On October 13 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. purchased the Appliques for an additional consideration of $ 125,000 , see Note 6 .
Thereafter , MMC distributed 80.0 % of the shares of MMI common stock to MMC s shareholders and exchanged the remaining portion of its shares of MMI common stock for cancellation of indebtedness of MMC .
Base Rate means a fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to time , which rate per annum shall at all times be equal to the highest of : ( a ) the rate of interest announced publicly by Citibank in New York , New York , from time to time , as Citibank s base rate ( the Prime Rate ( b ) of 1 % above the Federal Funds Rate ; and ( c ) the Eurocurrency Rate for Dollars for a one month Interest Period on such day ( or if such day is not a Business Day , the immediately preceding Business Day ) plus 1 % , provided that , for the avoidance of doubt , the Eurocurrency Rate for any day shall be based on the rate appearing on the Reuters Screen LIBOR01 Page ( or on any successor or substitute page of such page ) at approximately 11:00 a.m.
On July 16 , 2014 , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp completed the acquisition of the remaining 50 % interest in IMTT that Macquarie Infrastructure Corp did not own for $ 1.029 billion .
On October 1 , 2012 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a sales agency agreement with GD International .
Aptevo Therapeutics Inc. ability to sell Aptevo Therapeutics Inc. products , including IXINITY , WinRho SDF , HepaGam B and VARIZIG to hospitals and clinics in the United States depends in part on Aptevo Therapeutics Inc. relationships with group purchasing organizations , or GPOs .
ALABAMA POWER CO provides electricity to retail customers in northwest Florida and to wholesale customers in the Southeast .
Massachusetts RFPs : On March 31 , 2017 , pursuant to a comprehensive energy law enacted in 2016 , " An Act to Promote Energy Diversity , " ( the " Act " ) the Massachusetts EDCs , including NSTAR Electric and WMECO , and the DOER issued a joint RFP for 9.45 terawatt hours of clean energy per year , such as hydropower , land - based wind or solar .
Southern Company management uses the non - GAAP measure of EPS , excluding these items , to evaluate the performance of Southern Company 's ongoing business activities and its 2015 performance on a basis consistent with the assumptions used in developing the 2015 performance targets and to compare certain results to prior periods .
Third parties may also seek to hold us responsible for liabilities of Rio Tinto that CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . did not assume in connection with the IPO and for which Rio Tinto agreed to indemnify us , including liabilities related to the Jacobs Ranch and Colowyo mines , as well as the uranium mining venture that CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . do not own .
On August 27 , 2010 , Pacific Coast Marine Windshields Ltd , or " PCMW , " filed suit against Malibu Boats , Inc. and certain third parties , including Marine Hardware , Inc , a third - party supplier of windshields to Malibu Boats , Inc , in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of Florida seeking monetary and injunctive relief .
ManpowerGroup Inc. experienced revenue growth in Germany , the Nordics , the Netherlands and Belgium of 11.6 % , 7.8 % , 15.9 % and 5.4 % , respectively ( 11.7 % , 8.7 % , 16.1 % and 5.5 % , respectively , in constant currency ; 6.7 % and 10.2 % in organic constant currency in the Nordics and the Netherlands , respectively ) , and a revenue decline in the United Kingdom of 15.3 % ( -7.5 % in constant currency ) .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Exeo Entertainment , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended August 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Robert S. Amaral , as Chief Executive Officer of Exeo Entertainment , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
In 2009 , Heritage Global Inc. invested approximately $ 2.6 million to indirectly acquire an approximate 5 % interest in Polaroid Corporation and invested a further $ 0.3 million in 2010 .
Except as contemplated by SKYWEST INC existing code share agreements , SKYWEST INC can not assure that Delta and United will contract with us to fly any additional aircraft .
Mr. McGorry also served as an officer in the United States Army for six years , including commanding a special operations Green Beret SCUBA detachment .
LinnCo , LLC share of LINN Energy s taxable income will include any cancellation of debt ( COD ) income recognized upon the satisfaction of LINN Energy s outstanding indebtedness for total consideration less than the adjusted issue price ( and any accrued but unpaid interest ) of such indebtedness .
As described in Note 7 , Medovex Corp. pays TAG Aviation LLC , ( TAG ) , a company owned by Mr. Gorlin , for month to month rental of office space at Dekalb - Peachtree Airport in Atlanta Georgia plus cost of utilities .
During his tenure in the Senate , Senator Gregg served on a number of key Senate Committees including Budget , Appropriations , Government Affairs , Banking , Housing and Urban Affairs , Commerce , Science and Transportation , Foreign Relations and Health , Education , Labor and Pensions .
The allegations of the SEC in this complaint against the two former executive officers , Reed Killion and Jeffrey Tomz , who were respectively the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Uni - Pixel during the relevant periods of time at issue in the SEC s complaint , include that they made more than $ 2 million in personal profits from selling their own shares of Uni - Pixel s Common Stock following disclosures regarding Uni - Pixel s agreement related to Uni - Pixel InTouch Sensors .
Vice President of Purchasing , Distribution and Supermarket Logistics - Jeffrey Naaman has been Vice President of Supermarket Procurement and Distribution since February 2016 .
In connection with the acquisitions of the assets of CherryBerry , Yogli Mogli and Fuzzy Peach in fiscal year 2014 , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. recorded net restructuring charges of $ 124,551 during the nine months ended November 30 , 2014 associated with these acquisitions .
Utilities and Corporate Services - IPL and WPL own a portfolio of EGUs located in Iowa , Wisconsin and Minnesota with a diversified fuel mix including coal , natural gas and renewable resources .
As of January 3 , 2016 , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . owned and operated 705 Burger King restaurants located in 16 Northeastern , Midwestern and Southeastern states .
obtain and maintain patent protection for CTI BIOPHARMA CORP products or processes both in the U.S. and other countries ; .
Selected price increases and a change in concession product mix , including increased sales of higher priced non - traditional food and beverage items , were the primary reasons for MARCUS CORP increased average concession sales per person during fiscal 2014 , partially offset by the impact of the $ 5 Tuesday free popcorn promotion .
Tommy James Name : Tommy James Title : President SELLER :
Lightning Gaming , Inc. s revenues for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 were $ 785,000 compared to $ 674,000 for the comparable prior year period , an increase of $ 111,000 .
On August 31 , 2016 , Pike entered into an agreement with M T for a $ 2.0 million revolving line of credit at an interest rate equal to LIBOR plus 2.75 % with principal repayable on demand by the Lender .
Relevant thereto , Messrs. Marks and Leiner directors of Illumination America , Inc. Company and Illumination America , Inc. principal shareholders , donated an aggregate of 553,833 of their shares back to us to avoid dilution to Illumination America , Inc. remaining shareholders .
Sales of many of NUCOR CORP products are largely dependent upon capital spending in the nonresidential construction markets in the United States , including in the industrial and commercial sectors , as well as capital spending on infrastructure that is publicly funded , such as bridges , schools , prisons and hospitals .
Mr. Connally previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Production Officer of Georgia Power from August 2010 through June 2012 .
CELF Advisors LLP ( CELF ) , another one of Carlyle Group L.P. subsidiaries in the United Kingdom , is also authorized and regulated by the FCA under the FSMA and has permission to engage in a number of activities regulated under the FSMA , including making arrangements with a view to transactions in investments , advising on , managing and arranging deals in relation to certain types of investments , dealing in investments as agent and arranging safeguarding and administration of assets .
In January 2014 , CTI BIOPHARMA CORP entered into a Termination Agreement , or the Novartis Termination Agreement , with Novartis , to reacquire the rights to PIXUVRI previously granted to Novartis under CTI BIOPHARMA CORP agreement entered into in September 2006 , as amended , or the Original Novartis Agreement .
KBS Real Estate Investment Trust III , Inc. will not reimburse the Advisor for employee costs in connection with services for which the Advisor earns acquisition , origination or disposition fees ( other than reimbursement of travel and communication expenses ) or for the salaries and benefits the Advisor or its affiliates may pay to KBS Real Estate Investment Trust III , Inc. s executive officers .
Mr. Cassidy , as president of JiMari International , Inc , and Mr. McKillop as vice president , will allocate a limited portion of time to the activities of JiMari International , Inc. without compensation .
Global Realty Incorporated , formerly known as PhotoMedex , Inc. ( and its subsidiaries ) ( the Company ) , re - incorporated in Nevada on December 30 , 2010 , originally formed in Delaware in 1980 , is a real estate investment company holding investments in a variety of current and future projects , including high - end and luxury hotels and resort communities , residential developments , and selected commercial properties , as described further in this report .
Mr. Barry was named Chief Executive Officer of PASSUR Aerospace , Inc. in February 2003 and President in April 2003 .
LinnCo , LLC are a controlled company because LINN Energy holds LinnCo , LLC sole voting share and has the sole power to elect LinnCo , LLC board of directors .
Plata Resources , Inc. Audit Committee is comprised of Dexter Caliso , Plata Resources , Inc. President and Chairman of the AuditCommittee , and Presentaction Coranes , Plata Resources , Inc. Chief Financial Officer and Secretary Treasurer neither of whom are independent .
On August 18 , 2015 , RespireRx Pharmaceuticals Inc. also entered into employment agreements with Jeff E. Margolis , in his continuing role as Vice President , Secretary and Treasurer , and Robert N. Weingarten , in his continuing role as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , the position from which he resigned in February 2017 .
Italstereo is located near Lucca , Italy and specializes in producing pressure sensitive adhesive resin coated labels , seals and emblems .
Available Information Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc. principal executive offices are located at 4900 S. Pennsylvania Ave , Cudahy , Wisconsin 53110 , and Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc. telephone number is ( 414 ) 615 - 1500 .
On December 16 , 2010 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into an assignment agreement with Lithium Exploration VIII Ltd. ( not related to Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company ) to acquire an undivided 100 % right , title and interest in and to certain mineral permits located in the Province of Alberta , Canada .
Since April 2014 , Mr. Hinrichs has served as a director of Orthofix International N.V , a global medical device company , where he is the Chair of the Audit and Finance Committee .
Bermuda principal operating subsidiary becomes subject to insurance statutes and regulations in jurisdictions other than Bermuda or if there is a change in Bermuda law or regulations or the application of Bermuda law or regulations , there could be a significant and negative impact on Essent Group Ltd. business .
Following the redetermination , the borrowing base was increased to $ 1,600.0 million from $ 1,150.0 million ; however , Oasis Petroleum Inc. did not increase the elected commitments above the current amount of $ 1,150.0 million .
The Company s initial licensee is Evolution Physical Therapy ( EPT ) , which is owned by eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp CEO , Darwin Fogt , MPT .
( Mayne ) in federal court in Pennsylvania alleging that Warner Chilcott and Mayne prevented or delayed Mylan s generic competition to Warner Chilcott s Doryx products in violation of U.S. federal antitrust laws and tortiously interfered with Mylan s prospective economic relationships under Pennsylvania state law .
( Michael L. Kaplan ) This Amendment to Employment Agreement ( this Amendment ) is effective as of July 25 , 2017 , by and between Red Robin Gourmet Burgers , Inc , and Delaware Corporation ( the Company ) and Michael L. Kaplan ( the Executive ) .
Mr. Tanner joined Zarlink in August 2007 as Senior Vice President of Worldwide Operations via the acquisition of Legerity , Inc , where Mr. Tanner served as the Vice President of Operations from November 2002 until August 2007 .
On August 25 , 2015 , U - Swirl filed a lawsuit against the CherryBerry Selling Parties , a former officer and director of U - Swirl and unknown other parties , in the District Court for La Plata County , Colorado , alleging wrongful actions on their part to cause the price of U - Swirl s common stock to decline and thereafter making an improper demand for the shortfall payment described above , and certain other actions in violation of various provisions of the CherryBerry Purchase Agreement .
Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended April 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Didier Hirsch , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Exhibit Number Description of Document Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization , dated as of September 19 , 2011 , by and among Azur Pharma Limited ( now Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc ) , Jaguar Merger Sub Inc , Jazz Pharmaceuticals , Inc. and Seamus Mulligan , solely in his capacity as the Indemnitors Representative ( incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 in Jazz Pharmaceuticals , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8 - K ( File No . 001 - 33500 ) filed with the SEC on September 19 , 2011 ) .
As a condition to the closing of the Merger , MassRoots , Inc. hired Zachary Marburger as its new Vice President of Strategy , and engaged Micah Davidson as a Senior Software Engineer .
BAR HARBOR BANKSHARES s lending activities are principally conducted in downeast , midcoast and central Maine .
As MITU Resources Inc. stock is a penny stock , there are restrictions imposed by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission s penny stock regulations and the FINRA s sales practice requirements .
Under a Settlement Agreement approved by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware among HEXION INC , BCPOLP , the United States Environmental Protection Agency and the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality , HEXION INC . agreed to perform certain of BCPOLP s obligations for soil and groundwater contamination at BCPOLP s Geismar , Louisiana site .
Mr. Fogt is a leader in advancing the profession to incorporate research - based methods and focus on , not only rehabilitation but also wellness , functional fitness , performance , and prevention .
Mr. Gebbia brings to the board a diverse career , most notably , gaining 21 years of experience at The Walt Disney Company , a world leader in family and sports entertainment .
Leasing Fund Eleven , LLC ( the LLC or Fund Eleven ) was formed on December 2 , 2004 as a Delaware limited liability company .
Terrence DeFranco . Terrence DeFranco . Chief Executive Officer .
Art P. Beattie Art P. Beattie Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 26 , 2016 .
Lifevantage Corp board of directors has determined that each of Messrs. Beindorff , Greer , Hegde , Lewis , Mauro , Metzger and Okumoto is an independent director under NASDAQ Rules .
In addition to regulations in the United States , CHIMERIX INC and CHIMERIX INC strategic alliance partners will be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing , among other things , clinical trials and any commercial sales and distribution of CHIMERIX INC products .
Under the terms of the transaction , Bard common shareholders will be entitled to receive approximately $ 222.93 in cash and 0.5077 shares of BD stock per Bard share , or an implied value of $ 317.00 per Bard common share based on BD 's closing price on April 21 , 2017 .
Additionally , in the third quarter of 2014 , MOLSON COORS BREWING CO recognized an impairment charge related to MOLSON COORS BREWING CO definite - lived intangible asset associated with MOLSON COORS BREWING CO license agreement with Miller in Canada .
Leah Karfunkel , who is co - trustee of the Trust along with Barry Zyskind , is a member of Amtrust Financial Services , Inc. s board of directors , and the mother - in - law of Barry Zyskind , Amtrust Financial Services , Inc. s Chairman , Chief Executive Officer and President .
PUGET SOUND ENERGY INC generally enters into transactions using the following master agreements : WSPP , Inc. ( WSPP ) agreements , which standardize physical power contracts ; International Swaps and Derivatives Association ( ISDA ) agreements , which standardize financial gas and electric contracts ; and North American Energy Standards Board ( NAESB ) agreements , which standardize physical natural gas contracts .
Therefore , Yulong Eco - Materials Ltd contractual arrangements with Yulong Eco - Materials Ltd consolidated affiliated entities may not be as effective in ensuring Yulong Eco - Materials Ltd control over Yulong Eco - Materials Ltd China operations as direct ownership would be .
The following tables presenting YuMe Inc unaudited quarterly results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10 - K. YuMe Inc have prepared the unaudited information on the same basis as YuMe Inc audited consolidated financial statements .
Kristin A. MacCarthy Vice President and Controller .
The 2014 Plan permits us to make grants of incentive stock options to Roka BioScience , Inc. employees , and for the grant of nonqualified stock options , stock appreciation rights , restricted stock , stock units , performance shares , performance units , incentive bonus awards , other cash - based awards and other stock - based awards to Roka BioScience , Inc. employees , directors , consultants , advisors , or other individual service providers of Roka BioScience , Inc. company or any subsidiary , as well as to any persons determined by Roka BioScience , Inc. committee that administers Roka BioScience , Inc. 2014 Plan to be prospective employees , officers , directors , consultants , advisors , or other individual service providers of Roka BioScience , Inc. company or any subsidiary .
Consolidated Results of Operations Below are some highlights of Rice Energy Operating LLC consolidated financial and operating results for the years ended December 31 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 : .
MARTEN TRANSPORT LTD purchase fuel and tires and obtain related services from Bauer Built , Inc , or BBI .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of ICTV Brands , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , Kelvin Claney , Chief Executive Officer , Richard Ransom , President , and Ernest P. Kollias , Jr , Chief Financial Officer of ICTV Brands Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of their knowledge and belief : .
Other income ( expense ) , net consists primarily of foreign exchange gains ( losses ) resulting from fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on Guidewire Software , Inc. receivables and payables denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar , mainly British Pound , Euro , Australia and Canadian Dollar , Japanese Yen and Brazilian Real .
Mr. Rivkin has served as a manager and Executive Vice President of Altegris Services , LLC and Altegris Clearing Solutions , L.L.C. ( January 2014 to present ) .
As of February 16 , 2017 , Broadfin Capital and certain of its affiliates beneficially owned approximately 10.7 % of AVADEL PHARMACEUTICALS PLC outstanding shares ( in the form of ADRs ) , Janus Capital Management , LLC and certain of its affiliates beneficially owned 5.5 % of AVADEL PHARMACEUTICALS PLC outstanding shares ( in the form of ADRs ) and Deerfield Capital and certain of its affiliates beneficially owned approximately 9.98 % of AVADEL PHARMACEUTICALS PLC outstanding shares ( in the form of ADRs ) .
The transition in GCP Applied Technologies Inc. channel partner strategy and business model in the SBM residential building products group in North America negatively affected GCP Applied Technologies Inc. results for the year .
Prior to March 31 , 2016 , OneMain Holdings , Inc. purchased credit impaired finance receivables also included the SpringCastle Portfolio , which was purchased in connection with the joint venture acquisition of the SpringCastle Portfolio .
Mr. Wu Ming Ding , as President and Director ; Mr. Balakrishnan B S Muthu as Treasurer Chief Financial Officer , General Manager and Director ; and Mr. Liang Wai Keen as Secretary .
SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO plan to repatriate current year earnings from certain of SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO non - U.S. subsidiaries in Peru , and accordingly , SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO have accrued U.S. income tax expense on these earnings .
At December 31 , 2016 , this estimated liability was $ 290 million , due to CORNING INC /NY s contribution , in the second quarter of 2016 , of its equity interests in PCC and Pittsburgh Corning Europe N.V. ( PCE ) in the total amount of $ 238 million , as required by the Plan .
As of September 30 , 2017 , BIMINI CAPITAL MANAGEMENT , INC . had established borrowing facilities in the repurchase agreement market with a number of commercial banks and other financial institutions and had borrowings in place with five of these counterparties .
Since a portion of BeiGene , Ltd. future revenue may be denominated in RMB , any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit BeiGene , Ltd. ability to utilize revenue generated in RMB to fund BeiGene , Ltd. business activities outside of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to BeiGene , Ltd. shareholders , including holders of the ADSs .
In July 2014 , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp entered into a credit agreement at the holding company that provides a five - year , $ 250.0 million senior secured first lien revolving credit facility , of which $ 50.0 million is committed by MIHI LLC .
For fiscal 2016 and 2015 , as applicable , the incremental revenues and Segment OIBDA ( as defined in Note 11 Segment Information ) related to the acquisitions above included in TWENTY - FIRST CENTURY FOX , INC . s consolidated results of operations were not material individually or in the aggregate .
While most of the intellectual property TRUPAL MEDIA , INC . use is created by us , TRUPAL MEDIA , INC . have acquired rights to proprietary intellectual property from Game Media Works , Ltd , a company 100 % controlled by TRUPAL MEDIA , INC . sole officer and director , Panayis Palexas , whereby Game Media Works , Ltd. grants to TRUPAL MEDIA , INC .
Also on March 3 , 2016 and effective January 1 , 2016 , the Corporation s wholly owned subsidiary Orbital Satcom Corp. and Mr. Phipps terminated an employment agreement between them dated February 19 , 2015 pursuant to which Mr. Phipps was employed as President of Orbital Satcom for an annual base salary of $ 180,000 .
TDS significant accounting policies are discussed in detail in Note 1 Summary of Si gnificant Accounting Policies and Recent Accounting Pronouncements in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and TDS Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates is discussed in detail in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financ ial Condition and Results of Operations , both of which are included in TDS Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
Among other matters , the restatements included in the Old Hertz Holdings 2014 Form 10 - K addressed a variety of accounting matters involving HERTZ CORP s Brazil vehicle rental operations .
On March 29 , 2016 , a former local sales representative in Chile , Aquavant , S.A , filed a claim against Ormat s subsidiaries in the 27th Civil Court of Satiago , Chile on the basis of unjust enrichment .
Through FIRST INTERSTATE BANCSYSTEM INC wholly - owned subsidiary , First Interstate Bank , or FIB , FIRST INTERSTATE BANCSYSTEM INC deliver a comprehensive range of banking products and services to individuals , businesses , municipalities and other entities throughout FIRST INTERSTATE BANCSYSTEM INC market areas .
Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Organization and Description of the Business Navistar International Corporation ( " NIC " ) , incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1993 , is a holding company whose principal operating entities are
Through July 15 , 2014 , results for IMTT were accounted for using the equity method of accounting and distributions from IMTT were reflected in Macquarie Infrastructure Corp consolidated cash provided by operating activities up to Macquarie Infrastructure Corp cumulative 50 % share of IMTT s earnings recorded since the date of Macquarie Infrastructure Corp investment in IMTT .
Prior to joining BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC , Mr. Todorovic was employed at Wolverine World Wide , Inc , a leading global footwear and apparel company , where since September 2013 he served as the head of finance and operations for its Lifestyle Group which includes a portfolio of iconic brands such as Sperry Top - Sider , Hush Puppies , Keds , and Stride Rite .
Mr. Lang joined Spotlight Innovation Inc. as a member of the Board of Directors of Spotlight Innovation Inc. in February 2016 .
Ms. Gillespie is currently employed by Cipperman Compliance Services , LLC ( CCS ) , a Wayne , Pennsylvania - based third party provider of compliance services with which the Managing Owner has entered into a relationship .
The Board of Directors concluded that Mr. Johnson should serve as a director in light of the extensive public company finance experience that he has obtained through serving on PEREGRINE PHARMACEUTICALS INC board and audit committee and the boards and audit committees of Patriot Scientific Corporation , CryoPort , Inc. and Ecotality , Inc , which represents over an aggregate of 37 years of combined public company board experience .
The Restructuring Support Agreement also required Nuverra Environmental Solutions , Inc. to enter into a new employment agreement with Mark D. Johnsrud , Nuverra Environmental Solutions , Inc. s Chief Executive Officer and Chairman , on terms mutually acceptable to Mr. Johnsrud and the Supporting Noteholders , which was assumed by the Nuverra Parties under the Plan .
These changes were partially offset by a favorable $ 10,962 decrease in net realized losses due to a write - down of PROSPECT CAPITAL CORP investment in Targus and write - off of PROSPECT CAPITAL CORP remaining investment in Wind River Resources Corporation ( Wind River ) during the three months ended March 31 , 2016 .
The following is summarized financial information of Walden Woods as of September 30 , 2016 and Walden Woods and Cypress Creek as of September 30 , 2015 * : .
Allan G. Bense - Panama City businessman and former Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives .
Adobe was originally incorporated in California in October 1983 and was reincorporated in Delaware in May 1997 .
Sleepaid Holding Co. s operations are conducted in Hong Kong and China and a large number of customers are located in Southern China .
During 2015 , the sale prices of INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN common stock as reported by the NASDAQ Stock Market ranged from a low of $ 2.04 to a high of $ 3.68 .
Keysight Technologies , Inc. amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide that unless the board of directors otherwise determines , the state courts in the State of Delaware or , if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction , the federal court for the District of Delaware , will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on Keysight Technologies , Inc. behalf , any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of Keysight Technologies , Inc. directors or officers to Keysight Technologies , Inc. or Keysight Technologies , Inc. shareholders , any action asserting a claim against us or any of Keysight Technologies , Inc. directors or officers arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or Keysight 's amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws , or any action asserting a claim against us or any of Keysight Technologies , Inc. directors or .
Results in 2016 included a $ 71.7 million after - tax gain on sale of MURPHY OIL CORP /DE s 5 percent interest in Syncrude , while 2015 results included a $ 218.8 million after - tax gain on sale of 10 % of MURPHY OIL CORP /DE s oil and gas assets in Malaysia .
17 renewal terms of five years each Red Lion Hotel Kalispell .
nder the terms of the note eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp shall be considered in default if eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp fails to obtain a listing of its Common Stock on at least one of OTCBB , OTCQB , Nasdaq or NYSE within 90 days of the note date or fails to maintain the listing of its Common Stock ; eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp fails to comply with the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act and/or ceases to be subject to the reporting requirements of the 1934 Act ; the restatement of any financial statements for any date or period from 2 years prior to the date of the note and until this note is no longer outstanding resulting in a material adverse effect on the rights of the note holder ; the DTC places a chill on any of eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp s securities ; eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp s common stock becomes not eligible for trading through the DTC s FAST Automated Securities Transfer or Deposit / Withdrawal at Custodian programs ; eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp fails to raise at least $ 1,000,000 in a Primary Offering within 120 days following the List Date ; eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp fails to appoint VStock Transfer LLC as the transfer agent for its common stock within 30 days of Listing Date .
ITEX CORP report ITEX CORP results as of the last day of each calendar month ( accounting cycle ) .
On November 15 , 2015 , Sunoco LP entered into a Contribution Agreement ( the ETP Dropdown Contribution Agreement ) with Sunoco LLC , Sunoco , Inc , ETP Retail , Sunoco GP LLC , and ETP .
The Loan is secured by most of the assets of ENERGY FUELS INC s wholly owned subsidiary , Uranerz , including mineral properties , the processing facility , and equipment as well as an assignment of all of Uranerz rights , title and interest in and to its product sales contracts and other agreements .
Mr. Nylund is LEARNING TREE INTERNATIONAL , INC . Chief Operating Officer and Chief Information Officer and Mr. Asai is LEARNING TREE INTERNATIONAL , INC . Chief Financial Officer .
At December 31 , 2015 , Sempra Energy s non - U.S. subsidiaries had $ 468 million of unused NOLs available to utilize in the future to reduce Sempra Energy s future non - U.S. income tax expense related to SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO companies in Mexico and the Netherlands .
BMO Credit Agreement On November 25 , 2013 , RENTECH , INC . entered into a credit agreement with Bank of Montreal ( the BMO Credit Agreement ) .
Date : May 22 , 2017 By : /s/ Berge Abajian Berge Abajian Principal Executive Officer Bergio International , Inc. brgo_ex312.htm .
On October 16 , 2017 , effective immediately following the effective time of the Merger , Ms. Cranna was removed by the board of directors of TerraForm Power , Inc. from her position as the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company .
Ms. Cerven joined the Bancorp and the Bank in May of 2010 .
Russian mobile and online payment processing segment consists of Digital Provider which operates primarily in Russia .
Pursuant to the Amendment Agreement and certain related agreements entered into on the same date ( as described below ) , among other things , AgroFresh Solutions , Inc. and Dow agreed to modify certain obligations of AgroFresh Solutions , Inc. pursuant to ( i ) the Stock Purchase Agreement , dated April 30 , 2015 ( the Purchase Agreement ) , between AgroFresh Solutions , Inc. and Dow , and ( ii ) the Tax Receivables Agreement , dated July 31 , 2015 ( the Tax Receivables Agreement ) , among AgroFresh Solutions , Inc , Dow , R H and AgroFresh Inc , and ( iii ) the Warrant Purchase Agreement , dated July 31 , 2015 ( the Warrant Purchase Agreement ) , among AgroFresh Solutions , Inc , Dow , R H and the Sponsor .
On December 1 , 2016 , substantially all of the operating assets of Coordinates Collection , Inc. ( CCI ) were acquired by Reign Corporation ( RGNP ) , formerly known as Reign Sapphire Corporation , ( see Acquisition of Assets Related to the Coordinates Collection Business ) .
Mirror Worlds Technologies , LLC , NETWORK 1 TECHNOLOGIES INC 's wholly - owned subsidiary , entered into a one year lease , at a base rent of $ 620 per month , to rent office space in Tyler , Texas ( expiring April 30 , 2018 ) .
Further , at any time that the Series A Preferred Stock remains outstanding , if Dean Jernigan , Jernigan Capital , Inc. s current Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board , voluntarily leaves the position of Chief Executive Officer , and is not serving as the Executive Chairman of the Board ( a Key Man Event ) , the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall have the right to accept or reject the service of any person as Chief Executive Officer ( or such person serving as the principal executive officer ) of Jernigan Capital , Inc. The Purchase Agreement requires that Jernigan Capital , Inc. and its subsidiaries conduct their business in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and use reasonable best efforts to ( i ) preserve substantially intact the business organization and ( ii ) avoid becoming subject to the requirements of the Investment Company Act of 1940 , as amended .
Income taxes increased from 2016 to 2017 primarily due to a $ 27.3 million increase in PENSKE AUTOMOTIVE GROUP , INC . pre - tax income , offset by a decrease in PENSKE AUTOMOTIVE GROUP , INC . effective tax rate compared to the prior year .
The U.S. capital rules include a series of buffers and surcharges over required minimums that apply to bank holding companies , including BNY Mellon , which are being phased - in over time .
Dr. Harris formerly served as Chief Economist of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission .
In the first quarter of 2014 , Kodak increased the value of goodwill determined as part of fresh start accounting by $ 8 million to correct for a liability that should have been recorded at emergence .
The income tax provision for the 2014 year included a valuation allowance of $ 6.0 million for previously generated state net operating loss benefits specific to ExpressJet that SKYWEST INC anticipate to expire , $ 2.0 million of foreign income tax associated with SKYWEST INC sale of ownership in TRIP stock , and the write off of $ 2.4 million of tax assets associated with the sale of SKYWEST INC paint facility located in Saltillo , Mexico during 2014 .
Mr. Ross is also an Executive Director of the Morgan Stanley Fund Administration Group where he is responsible for finance and accounting matters for certain private funds offered by Morgan Stanley .
As of October 31 , 2016 , Limoneira CO wholly owned subsidiary , Windfall Investors , LLC , had $ 1.2 million outstanding under the Farm Credit West Term Loan that matures in October 2035 .
In May of 2012 , American CryoStem entered into Material Transfer Agreements with three research scientists at Rutgers University allowing them to utilize AMERICAN CRYOSTEM Corp s autologous Adipose - Derived Stem Cells ( ATCELL ) and patented , serum free , GMP grade cell culture and differentiation mediums ( ACSelerate ) for evaluation with the anticipation to implement additional agreements to research , develop and commercialize innovative new cellular therapies targeting incurable diseases , neurological disorders and the $ 5 billion global wound care market .
From May 1989 to June 1998 , Mr. Bell served as an officer in the U.S. Navy and a Naval Flight Officer .
Mr. H. Craig Moody is currently the lead director .
2017 Stock Purchases On March 23 , 2017 , tronc , Inc. entered into a purchase agreement with investment funds associated with Oaktree , pursuant to which tronc , Inc. acquired 3,745,947 shares of tronc , Inc. s common stock for $ 15.00 per share or a total purchase price of $ 56.2 million .
Mr. Donovan has served as Vice President of Operations since September 2015 .
Mr. Kacal currently serves as a director and Chairman of the Audit Committee of U.S. Silica Holdings , Inc , as a director of Integrity Bancshares , Inc , located in Houston , Texas , and its wholly - owned subsidiary , Integrity Bank SSB ( Integrity Bank ) , the National Association of Corporate Directors - Texas Tri - Cities Chapter , and Goodwill Industries of Houston ( Goodwill Houston ) .
Michael D. Sauer has been ENTEGRIS INC Vice President , Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since June 2012 .
In connection with the Stock Sale , effective as of June 7 , 2017 , ( i ) Deborah Thomas resigned as Chief Executive Officer , principal accounting officer and director of CROE , INC . and Elliott Polatoff resigned as Secretary and director of the Company ; and ( ii ) Michael Poutre was appointed Chief Executive Officer and sole director of CROE , INC , James Gilbert was appointed President of CROE , INC . and Ron Levy was appointed Chief Operating Officer of CROE , INC . Stock Dividend .
In 1968 , PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO expanded into the underground telecommunications field by its acquisition of the Smith Company located in California .
As of December 31 , 2015 , ExpressJet operated as a Delta Connection carrier in Atlanta and Detroit , a United Express carrier in Chicago ( O Hare ) , Cleveland , Newark and Houston and an American carrier in Dallas .
for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , and pursuant to 18 U.S.C , section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , I , Melanie R. Wenk , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of WNC Associates , Inc , general partner of the Partnership , hereby certify that : .
Geoffrey G. Jervis Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer ( principal financial and accounting officer ) .
Earnings from Phillips 66 investment in DCP Midstream decreased $ 8 million in the third quarter of 2017 , primarily reflecting the impact of higher asset impairments in the 2017 period and a gain on an asset sale in the 2016 period .
Additionally , 200,000 shares of MedoveX common stock are being held in escrow until September 25 , 2016 to secure Streamline s indemnification obligations under the Merger Agreement .
From May 1998 until January 2002 , Mr. Smith served as General Manager of D.W. Manufacturing , Inc , d / b / a Millennium Technology Services , an electronics manufacturer acquired by Ascentron , Inc , in January 2002 .
Mallinckrodt plc operations include activities in the U.S. and countries outside of the U.S.
BCTC IV Assignor Corp. ( the Corporation ) was organized on October 12 , 1993 under the laws of the State of Delaware to act as the assignor limited partner of , and to acquire and hold a limited partnership interest in Boston Capital Tax Credit Fund IV L.P. ( the Limited Partnership ) .
Mr. Commisso serves on the board of directors of the National Cable Telecommunications Association , C - SPAN and Cable Television Laboratories , Inc.
On February 3 , 2014 , Steven Rosenfeld commenced a lawsuit in the New York State Supreme Court , for the county of New York , against Joel Schreiber , Samuel D. Waksal and certain Kadmon entities alleging that he and co - defendant Schreiber were engaged to raise funds for a new venture involving Kadmon .
See Note 1 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for a description of government currency processes and restrictions in Venezuela and Argentina , their effect on BRINKS CO operations , and how BRINKS CO account for currency remeasurement for BRINKS CO Venezuelan subsidiaries .
Mr. Djokovich serves as XSUNX INC Chief Executive Officer , acting Principal Accounting Officer , President effective January 9 , 2013 , a Director , and the qualifying person for XSUNX INC s California State contractor s license .
As of December 31 , 2016 , GROUP 1 AUTOMOTIVE INC increased GROUP 1 AUTOMOTIVE INC used vehicle inventory levels by $ 19.3 million , or 7.0 % , from December 31 , 2015 to $ 294.8 million , primarily as a result of the acquisition of additional dealerships .
( Juno Therapeutics ) , Editas Medicine , Inc. agreement with Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Therapeutics , Inc. ( CFFT ) , and an upfront payment from Allergan Pharmaceuticals International Limited ( Allergan ) .
Refer to Note J , Capital Stock , of STANLEY BLACK & DECKER , INC . 's Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 .
It was agreed that 65,600,000 shares of Advanced Environmental Petroleum Producers Inc. s common stock and 100 % of the issued and outstanding Alberta shares would be held in escrow until Alberta provided Advanced Environmental Petroleum Producers Inc. with audited financial statements and until Advanced Environmental Petroleum Producers Inc. completed its due diligence .
Mr. Kilstrom also has served as Senior Vice President of Production of Antero since January 2016 , prior to which he served as Vice President of Production of Antero beginning in June 2007 .
Dr. Anderson served as the Howard Phillips Eminent Scholar Chair and Professor of Real Estate at the University of Central Florida from 2008 through 2013 , where he was responsible for growing the real estate program , including the establishment of the Professional MS in Real Estate .
In addition , INNOVATIVE INDUSTRIAL PROPERTIES INC will be required to maintain approximately $ 2.2 million as proof of sufficient capital to carry out its potential Pennsylvania operations .
On August 6 , 2015 , BIOHITECH GLOBAL , INC . entered into and consummated an Agreement of Merger and Plan of Reorganization ( the Merger Agreement ) , with BioHiTech Global , Inc , a Delaware corporation and wholly - owned subsidiary of the Company ( Acquisition ) and Bio Hi Tech America , LLC , a Delaware limited liability company .
On June 13 , 2017 , Mr. Lisi was appointed as AIT Therapeutics , Inc. s CEO , and Mr. Avniel was appointed to be AIT Therapeutics , Inc. s Chief Operating Officer and President .
Mr. Phipps remains the President of Orbital Satcom .
Planet Fitness , Inc. and Planet Fitness , Inc. franchisees operations and properties are subject to extensive U.S , Canadian and Dominican federal , state , provincial and local laws and regulations , including those relating to environmental , building and zoning requirements .
However , Mr. Barker , consulting geologist and Chandalar Project Technical Manager at the time , prepared an internal geologic report formatted to 43 - 101 standards in collaboration with J. O. Keener and R. B. Murray that covers the hard - rock and placer ( or alluvial ) gold programs at Chandalar through 2008 .
While GREENHILL & CO INC operate in North America , Europe , Australia , Asia and South America , GREENHILL & CO INC operations in the United States and Europe have historically provided most of GREENHILL & CO INC revenues and earnings .
The statements contained in this report relating to matters that are not historical facts are forward - looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties , including , but not limited to , ULTRALIFE CORP reliance on certain key customers ; potential costs because of the warranties ULTRALIFE CORP supply with ULTRALIFE CORP products and services ; ULTRALIFE CORP efforts to develop new commercial applications for ULTRALIFE CORP products ; possible future declines in demand for the products that use ULTRALIFE CORP batteries or communications systems ; the unique risks associated with ULTRALIFE CORP China operations ; reduced U.S. and foreign military spending including the uncertainty associated with government budget approvals ; ULTRALIFE CORP ability to comply with changes to the regulations for the shipment of ULTRALIFE CORP products ; variability in ULTRALIFE CORP quarterly and annual results and the price of ULTRALIFE CORP common stock ; possible impairments of ULTRALIFE CORP goodwill and other intangible assets ; possible breaches in security and other disruptions ; safety risks , including the risk of fire ; negative publicity of lithium - ion batteries ; ULTRALIFE CORP resources being overwhelmed by ULTRALIFE CORP growth prospects ; ULTRALIFE CORP ability to retain top management and key personnel ; potential disruptions in ULTRALIFE CORP supply of raw materials and components ; ULTRALIFE CORP exposure to foreign currency fluctuations ; ULTRALIFE CORP customers demand falling short of volume expectations in ULTRALIFE CORP supply agreements ; the risk that ULTRALIFE CORP are unable to protect ULTRALIFE CORP proprietary and intellectual property ; rules and procedures regarding contracting with the U.S. and foreign governments ; exposure to possible violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , the U.K. Bribery Act or other anti - corruption laws ; ULTRALIFE CORP ability to utilize ULTRALIFE CORP net operating loss carryforwards ; ULTRALIFE CORP ability to comply with government regulations regarding the use of conflict minerals possible audits of ULTRALIFE CORP contracts by the U.S. and foreign governments and their respective defense agencies ; known and unknown environmental matters ; technological innovations in the non - rechargeable and rechargeable battery industries ; and other risks and uncertainties , certain of which are beyond ULTRALIFE CORP control .
Sempra Energy s Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of Sempra Energy , a California - based Fortune 500 energy - services holding company , and its consolidated subsidiaries and variable interest entities ( VIEs ) .
In April 2015 , the FASB issued ASU 2015 - 05 , Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal - Use Software - Customer 's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement , which is included in the ASC in Topic 350 .
Mobiquity Technologies , Inc. operate through two wholly - owned U.S. subsidiaries , namely , Mobiquity Networks , Inc. and Ace Marketing Promotions , Inc.
If IMMUNOMEDICS INC are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner each year , IMMUNOMEDICS INC could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC , the NASDAQ GMS or other regulatory authorities that would require additional financial and management resources and could adversely affect the market price of IMMUNOMEDICS INC common stock .
Ms. Downes also spent 15 years at Tetra Tech , ultimately serving as Vice - President and Chief Financial Officer of Tetra Tech , EM Inc. James D. Villa , B.A. J.D , joined Versar in March 2014 as Senior Vice President , General Counsel , Secretary , and Chief Compliance Officer .
Venugopal Rathi has served as NF Investment Corp. Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer since 2015 .
ManpowerGroup Inc. also experienced constant currency revenue growth in Germany , Spain , the Netherlands and Belgium of 32.9 % , 10.1 % , 25.0 % , and 18.1 % , respectively ( 32.6 % , 9.9 % , 24.7 % and 17.7 % , respectively , as reported ; 5.9 % , 17.1 % and 14.4 % in organic constant currency in Germany , the Netherlands and Belgium , respectively ) ; .
On November 10 , 2011 , First American Silver Corp. directors approved the adoption of First American Silver Corp. 2011 Stock Option Plan , which permits First American Silver Corp. company to issue options to acquire up to 2,500,000 shares of First American Silver Corp. common stock by directors , officers , employees and consultants of First American Silver Corp. company .
In August 2014 , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . entered into an acceleration and release agreement with Rio Tinto whereby CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . agreed to pay $ 45.0 million to Rio Tinto to terminate the TRA .
Mr. Schwarzman 1,666,666 units held in various trusts for which Mr. Schwarzman is the investment trustee , Mr. James 10,657,207 units held in various trusts for which Mr. James and his brother are trustees ( but Mr. James does not have or share investment control with respect to the units ) , Mr. Hill 5,636,348 units held in various trusts for which Mr. Hill s spouse is the investment trustee and 2,683,308 units held in a family limited liability company , Mr. Chae 1,150,070 units held in a trust for which Mr. Chae is the investment trustee , Mr. Gray 4,566,437 units held in a trust for which Mr. Gray is the investment trustee and Ms. Solotar 81,812 units held in a trust for which Ms. Solotar is the investment trustee , ( b ) the following units held in grantor retained annuity trusts for which the named executive officer or director , as applicable , is the investment trustee : Mr. Schwarzman 3,176,778 units , Mr. James 4,000,000 units , Mr. Gray 23,296,432 units and Ms. Solotar 150,454 units , and ( c ) the following units held by a corporation for which the named executive officer is a controlling shareholder : Mr. Schwarzman 1,438,529 units and Mr. Goodman 1,737,550 units owned by family limited liability companies .
James C. Fish , Jr. Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
In a related transaction , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . amended CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . existing throughput agreement with Westshore to increase CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . annual committed volumes from 2.8 million tons to 6.3 million tons initially and increasing to 7.2 million tons in 2019 .
Distribution : Through Victory , a North American distributor of packaging materials , with more than 60 distribution centers located in the United States , Mexico and Canada , KAPSTONE PAPER & PACKAGING CORP provides packaging materials and related products to a wide variety of customers .
ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC are highly dependent on Jeffrey Abbey , ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC president and chief executive officer , Charles Nicolette , ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC vice president of research and development and chief scientific officer , and Richard Katz , ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC vice president and chief financial officer , as well as the other principal members of ARGOS THERAPEUTICS INC management and scientific teams .
In connection with the closing of the 2016 senior notes , AETNA INC /PA/ terminated the Bridge Credit Agreement effective June 9 , 2016 .
Represents IMTT results subsequent to July 16 , 2014 , the date of the IMTT Acquisition .
In June 2013 , a release of well fluids , consisting of a mixture of carbon dioxide , saltwater , natural gas and oil , was discovered ( and reported ) within an area of the Denbury - operated Delhi Field located in northern Louisiana .
Atlas largest reinsurance partners are Great American Insurance Company ( Great American ) , a subsidiary of American Financial Group , Inc , General Reinsurance Corporation ( " Gen Re " ) , a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway , Inc , SCOR Re , a subsidiary of SCOR U.S. Corporation ,
The 2016 individual objectives for Dr. Rao , DEPOMED INC s Senior Vice President , Chief Medical Officer , and his overall individual rating , were as follows : .
99.1 Purchase and Assumption Agreement dated as of July 23 , 2010 , by and among the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation , Receiver of Sterling Bank , Lantana , Florida , IBERIABANK , and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8 - K / A dated August 2 , 2010 .
Mr. Harlan was the chairperson of Yulong Eco - Materials Ltd Compensation Committee .
Since 2009 , Mr. Tan is the Executive Director of Swiftlet Eco Park Holdings Sdn Bhd , the Group Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer for Swiftlet Eco Park Berhad , RBN Global Berhad , Royal Bird s Nest Sdn Bhd , RBN Aesthetic Wellness Sdn Bhd , the members of Swiftlet Eco Park Group of Companies , leads and manages the global business growth and cross border business development of the Group .
The conveyances by Sabine of the Royalties located in Louisiana provided for the execution of a substantially identical escrow agreement by Sabine and a Louisiana bank in the capacities of escrow agent and of trustee under the name of Sabine Louisiana Royalty Trust .
Lastly , Alta Disposal , Tero and Mr. Hofmann entered into a shareholders agreement concerning any potential financing by the shareholders of Tero for the benefit of Tero s operations .
Dr. Zetter serves as a professor in the Department of Surgery at Harvard Medical School since 1978 .
Employee shall provide LAS VEGAS SANDS CORP with a copy of Employee s Singapore national identity card or other evidence of Employee s right to work in Singapore .
If Lumos Networks Corp. network provider under IRU agreements has financial troubles , it could adversely affect Lumos Networks Corp. costs , especially maintenance costs and ability to deliver service .
Overall , as a result of the change in MARCUS CORP fiscal year , MARCUS CORP currently expect MARCUS CORP second and third fiscal quarters to produce MARCUS CORP strongest operating results .
To date , Wishbone Pet Products Inc. president , Rami Tabet , has developed a device concept that permits the user to enclose dog waste in a plastic bag this is contained inside of a sealed plastic case .
Under the second tax receivable agreement , Planet Fitness , Inc. are generally required to pay to the Direct TSG Investors 85 % of the amount of tax savings , if any , that Planet Fitness , Inc. are deemed to realize as a result of the tax attributes of the Holdings Units held in respect of the Direct TSG Investors interest in Planet Fitness , Inc , which resulted from the Direct TSG Investors purchase of interests in Pla - Fit Holdings in 2012 , and certain other tax benefits .
Section 203 of the DGCL as it applies to us prevents an interested shareholder , defined as a person who owns 15 % or more of LinnCo , LLC outstanding shares or voting power with respect to 15 % or more of the outstanding LINN Energy units , from engaging in business combinations with us or with LINN Energy for three years following the time such person becomes an interested shareholder .
On August 5 , 2015 , InspireMD , Ltd , InspireMD , Inc. wholly owned subsidiary , entered into a distribution agreement with Penumbra , Inc , pursuant to which Penumbra , Inc. will act as the exclusive distributor of CGuard EPS in Austria , France , Sweden , Denmark , Norway , Finland , Estonia , Lithuania , Portugal , Switzerland and the United Kingdom and Ireland .
It is unclear whether changes that President Trump has planned to the Affordable Care Act will be enacted , or if enacted , will affect Faneuil s business .
For additional information regarding U.S. and Australian dollar investments held in PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL INC Japanese insurance operations and a discussion of PRUDENTIAL FINANCIAL INC yen hedging strategy , see Results of Operations by Segment International Insurance Division , above .
The remaining Local Partnerships ' net loss of approximately $ 134,000 for the year ended December 31 , 2016 includes depreciation and amortization expense of approximately $ 563,000 and interest on non - mandatory debt of approximately $ 120,000 , and does not include principal payments on permanent mortgages of approximately $ 210,000 .
As a result of this seasonality , investors may not be able to predict Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. annual operating results based on a quarter - to - quarter comparison of Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. operating results .
On February 14 , 2013 , Keith White , as co - inventor , assigned the G2 patents to AWG International , Inc.
Prior to founding Glenborough Realty Trust , Mr. Batinovich served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Glenborough Corporation , a private real estate investment and management company , from 1984 until its merger with Glenborough Realty Trust in 1996 .
Accordingly , the holders of partnership units in Carlyle Holdings , including The Carlyle Group L.P. s wholly owned subsidiaries , incur U.S. federal , state and local income taxes on their proportionate share of any net taxable income of Carlyle Holdings .
The final determination of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT income tax liability may be materially different from CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT income tax provision .
Mauro Bove , a member of REGENERX BIOPHARMACEUTICALS INC Board , was also a director and officer of entities affiliated with Sigma - Tau and is a director of Lee s Pharmaceuticals , relationships which could give rise to a conflict of interest for Mr. Bove .
( 2 ) Organization The Fund was formed as a Delaware statutory trust on May 23 , 2005 .
Form of Second Amendment to the Director Deferred Compensation Agreement effective January 1 , 2009 by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham , Edwin S. Darden , Jr , Steven D. McDonald , Louis C. McMurray , William S. Smittcamp and Wanda L. Rogers .
Revenues from services provided by Sino - Global Shipping America , Ltd. s PRC subsidiaries and affiliates , including Sino - China and Trans Pacific are subject to the PRC business tax of 5 % .
Pursuant to the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock , for so long as amounts are owed to Air T under the Senior Subordinated Note or AIR T INC continue to hold a specified number of the Shares and interests in the Warrant holders of the Series B Preferred Stock , voting as a separate class , AIR T INC would be entitled to elect , after June 1 , 2016 , four - sevenths of the members of the board of directors of Delphax and , without the written consent or waiver of AIR T INC , Delphax may not enter into specified corporate transactions .
The financial statements of Cleantech Solutions International , Inc , subsidiaries are translated to U.S. dollars using period end rates of exchange for assets and liabilities , and average rates of exchange ( for the period ) for revenues , costs , and expenses .
During the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , Fortress formed new credit PE funds which had the following capital commitments as of September 30 , 2017 : .
Cytosorbents Corp , through its subsidiary CytoSorbents Medical Inc. ( formerly known as CytoSorbents , Inc. ) , is engaged in the research , development and commercialization of medical devices with its blood purification technology platform which incorporates a proprietary adsorbent , porous polymer technology .
In 2014 , Skanska USA ceased construction and Forest City Realty Trust , Inc. terminated the CM Contract for cause .
Identification of Certain Significant Employees Kyle Johnson , CareView Communications Inc Director of Engineering , and Matthew E. Jackson , General Counsel , are considered significant employees .
HILLS BANCORPORATION 's subsidiary is Hills Bank and Trust Company , Hills , Iowa ( the Bank ) , which is wholly - owned .
Manufacturing and Related Operations and Raw Materials During 2016 , REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s products within the Consumer and Professional segments were produced at REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP s facilities in the U.S. ( North Carolina and Florida ) , South Africa , Spain , Italy and Mexico , and at third - party facilities around the world .
Mr. Light is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of HCA Holdings , Inc , a director of the Harvard Management Company , a director of Partners HealthCare ( the Mass General and Brigham Women s Hospitals ) and chairman of its Investment Committee , a member of the Investment Committee of several endowments , a director of several private firms , and an advisor / trustee to several corporate and institutional pools of capital .
Each of the undersigned , as a director of Honeywell International Inc. ( the Company ) , a Delaware corporation , hereby appoints Darius Adamczyk , Katherine L. Adams , Jennifer H. Mak , Jeffrey N. Neuman , Thomas A. Szlosek and John J. Tus , each with power to act without the other and with power of substitution and resubstitution , as my attorney - in - fact to sign on my behalf in my capacity as a director of HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC . one or more registration statements on Form S-8 or any other appropriate form during fiscal year 2017 and to file the same together with all exhibits thereto , under the Securities Act of 1933 , including any amendment or supplement thereto or to any registration statement heretofore filed by HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC on Form S 8 or any other appropriate form for the registration of shares of HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC 's Common Stock ( or participations where appropriate ) to be offered pursuant to the Honeywell Savings and Ownership Plan , the Honeywell Puerto Rico Savings and Ownership Plan , the Honeywell Supplemental Savings Plan , the 2006 Stock Plan for Non - Employee Directors of Honeywell International Inc , the 2007 Honeywell Global Employee Stock Plan ( including any and all sub - plans ) , the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan of Honeywell International Inc. and its Affiliates , the 2016 Stock Plan for Non - Employee Directors of Honeywell International Inc , and the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan of Honeywell International Inc. and its Affiliates and any plan which is a successor to such plans or is a validly authorized new plan pursuant to which securities of HONEYWELL INTERNATIONAL INC are issued to employees or non - employee directors .
Additionally , ANNALY CAPITAL MANAGEMENT INC wholly - owned subsidiary , RCap , provides direct access to third party funding as a FINRA member broker - dealer .
THOMAS B. CUSICK Thomas B. Cusick Executive Vice President of Finance , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer .
Peoples has the team in place to capture the momentum that NORTHWEST INDIANA BANCORP see locally and the experience to harness it for NORTHWEST INDIANA BANCORP shareholders .
I , Christine H. Yap , Principal Financial and Accounting Officer of ICON MT 16 , LLC , the Managing Owner of the Registrant , in connection with the Annual Report of ICON ECI Fund Sixteen ( the Fund ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Annual Report ) , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
CYBEROPTICS CORP recognized CYBEROPTICS CORP first revenue from the sale of the MX600 system in the third quarter of 2015 , and CYBEROPTICS CORP had a backlog of MX600 orders at December 31 , 2015 totaling approximately $ 3.4 million .
On March 27 , 2015 , Tyler Gray , derivatively and on behalf of nominal defendant Medbox , Inc , filed a suit in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada against Notis Global , Inc. s Board of Directors and certain executive officers ( Pejman Vincent Mehdizadeh , Matthew Feinstein , Bruce Bedrick , Thomas Iwanski , Guy Marsala , J. Mitchell Lowe , Ned Siegel , Jennifer S. Love , and C. Douglas Mitchell ) .
Mr. Kasturi also serves as the President , Treasurer and Secretary of , and is the sole member of , DWG Acquisitions and Raceland QSR , and owns all of the equity interests in DWG Acquisitions and Raceland QSR .
BLACKLINE , INC . provide live customer support 24/7/365 from BLACKLINE , INC . offices in Los Angeles , Sydney and London .
References to Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc , Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc , us , and Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. company refer to Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc , a Maryland corporation , together with Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. consolidated subsidiaries , including Armada Hoffler , L.P , a Virginia limited partnership , of which Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. are the sole general partner and to which Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. refer in this Annual Report on Form 10 - K as Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. Operating Partnership .
Prior to these roles , Mr. Lewis served in executive marketing and business development positions for technology companies that included IPIX ( later acquired by Sony ) , Motorola and Telular .
Under certain agreements between us and Total related to Total s original investment in AMYRIS , INC . capital stock , for as long as Total owns 10 % of AMYRIS , INC . voting securities , it has rights to an exclusive negotiation period if AMYRIS , INC . Board of Directors decides to sell AMYRIS , INC . company .
All of PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS , INC . revenue during the three months ended March 31 , 2017 was derived from PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS , INC . collaboration agreement with Astellas , while all of PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS , INC . revenue during the three months ended March 31 , 2016 was derived from PROTEOSTASIS THERAPEUTICS , INC . collaboration agreements with Astellas and Biogen .
Dr. Bates is a member of the Board of Overseers at the University of California , San Francisco , School of Nursing .
Mr. Armstrong also serves as a director and a member of the audit committee of the general partner of Arc Logistics Partners LP , a publicly traded limited partnership that is principally engaged in the terminalling , storage , throughput and transloading of crude oil and petroleum products .
However , ATN International , Inc. can not guarantee that ATN International , Inc. will be successful in locating additional suitable sources of financing on a timely basis or at all , or on terms or at costs that are acceptable to us , which may materially adversely affect ATN International , Inc. ability to continue construction and expand ATN International , Inc. operations in India .
Refer to the " Results of Operations " section for further discussion of FelCor Lodging LP operating results for the Successor period of September 1 , 2017 through September 30 , 2017 , the Predecessor period of January 1 , 2017 through August 31 , 2017 , and the Predecessor nine months ended September 30 , 2016 .
31 Certification of Jean - Marc Allain , President , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Accounting Officer , pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a ) and 15d-14(a ) , as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , filed herewith .
Acquisition of Powertrain Integration , LLC On May 4 , 2015 , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement ( APA ) with Powertrain Integration , LLC ( Powertrain ) and its owners to acquire the assets of Powertrain .
As a result of the foregoing changes , the number of shares of WPCS Common Stock that will be issued to DropCar s securityholders and advisors will be reduced , although the DropCar securityholders and advisors will still own a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of WPCS Common Stock following the Merger .
The investigations and communications generally involve the restatements included in Hertz Holdings 2014 Form 10 - K and related accounting for prior periods .
Sudan , Syria and Crimea ) ; and WildHorse Resource Development Corp will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Purchase , or lend , contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary , joint venture partner or other person or entity , for the purpose of financing the activities of any person , or in any country or territory , that currently is the subject or target of Sanctions or in any other manner that will result in a violation by any person ( including any person participating in the Purchase whether as an advisor , investor or otherwise ) of Sanctions .
Mr. Mann has been employed by Heritage Global Inc. since March 2011 , when he joined Heritage Global Inc. in connection with its acquisition of Equity Partners .
Messrs. Bren , Hall , McMillan , Schreiber and Waldvogel and Ms. Yamane are also executive officers of KBS REIT I , KBS REIT II and KBS REIT III , Messrs. Bren , McMillan and Waldvogel and Ms. Yamane are executive officers of KBS Legacy Partners Apartment REIT , and Messrs. Hall , McMillan , and Waldvogel and Ms. Yamane are executive officers of KBS Strategic Opportunity REIT II .
The following unaudited pro forma financial information presents a summary of LinnCo , LLC s condensed combined results of operations for the year ended December 31 , 2014 , assuming the Devon Assets Acquisition had been completed as of January 1 , 2014 , including adjustments to reflect the values assigned to the net assets acquired .
The failure of PRC - resident beneficial owners to register or amend their SAFE registrations in a timely manner pursuant to SAFE Circular 37 and subsequent implementation rules , or the failure of future PRC - resident beneficial owners of BeiGene , Ltd. company to comply with the registration procedures set forth in SAFE Circular 37 and subsequent implementation rules , may subject such beneficial owners or BeiGene , Ltd. PRC subsidiaries to fines and legal sanctions .
Prior to the merger of Glenborough with Glenborough Realty Trust , Inc , Ms. Garnick served from August 1992 until January 1996 as Vice President of Glenborough Corporation , a private real estate investment and management firm .
On December 3 , 2015 , Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. entered into a securities purchase agreement with LG Capital Funding pursuant to which Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. issued to LG Capital a convertible redeemable note with an aggregate face value of $ 17,000 due December 3 , 2016 and bearing interest form issuance at the rate of 10 % per annum payable on maturity .
Revisions in these and other comparable programs , in the U.S. and elsewhere , could have a material and adverse effect on SunOpta Inc. business , financial condition or results of SunOpta Inc. operations .
In October 2011 , Oncobiologics , Inc. entered into a research license agreement with Selexis SA , or Selexis , pursuant to which Oncobiologics , Inc. acquired a non - exclusive license to conduct research internally or in collaboration with third parties to develop recombinant proteins from mammalian cells created lines using the Selexis expression technology , or the Selexis Technology .
Executive Compensatio n. The following table sets forth for the years ended December 31 , 2016 and December 31 , 2015 certain information as to the total remuneration paid by Georgetown Bancorp , Inc. to Mr. Balletto , who serves as President and Chief Executive Officer , Mr. Weismann , Georgetown Bancorp , Inc. s Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer and Mr. Kennedy , Georgetown Bancorp , Inc. s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer ( Named Executive Officers ) .
Editas Medicine , Inc. fully settled the outstanding principal and accrued interest on the Initial Notes by paying $ 0.2 million in cash to Wageningen in August 2017 and issuing 108,104 shares and 371,166 shares of common stock to Broad in August 2017 and September 2017 , respectively , in connection with such settlement .
Patricia L. Kampling Patricia L. Kampling Chairman and Chief Executive Officer . /s/
As a result of the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac settlements , Lehman Holdings filed a motion in May 2014 with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court of the Southern District of New York to require the mortgage loan originators , including SecurityNational Mortgage , to engage in mediation , a nonbinding alternative dispute resolution process , as Lehman Holdings asserted alleged indemnification claims against the mortgage loan originators .
Re : Transactions per Appendix A. I , Craig Younggren , in my capacity as Senior Vice President of KeyBank National Association successor by merger to KeyCorp Real Estate Capital Markets , Inc , ( KeyBank ) , do hereby state that : .
On January 31 , 2014 , PREFORMED LINE PRODUCTS CO acquired Helix Uniformed Limited ( Helix ) , located in Montreal , Quebec , Canada .
Generation As of January 31 , 2017 , Exelon indirectly held the entire membership interest in Generation .
On July 24 , 2017 , iBio , Inc. entered into a common stock purchase agreement with Lincoln Park pursuant to which Lincoln Park has agreed to purchase from us up to an aggregate of $ 16,000,000 of iBio , Inc. common stock ( subject to certain limitations ) from time to time over the 36 - month term of the agreement ( the Lincoln Park Purchase Agreement ) .
SDG E s operation and maintenance expenses decreased by $ 81 million ( 7 % ) to $ 1.1 billion in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to : .
IMPERVA INC net revenue has increased in each of the last three years , growing from $ 137.8 million in 2013 to $ 264.4 million in 2016 .
In addition , in July 2017 , ARES CAPITAL CORP and GE agreed to an early termination of the SSLP whereby on July 26 , 2017 , ARES CAPITAL CORP purchased the remaining $ 1.6 billion in aggregate principal amount of first lien senior secured loans outstanding at par plus accrued and unpaid interest and fees from the SSLP ( the SSLP Loan Sale ) and assumed the SSLP s remaining unfunded loan commitments totaling $ 50 million .
Resetting Connecticut Water 's adjustment under Connecticut 's WICA mechanism to zero by integrating the present WICA surcharge of 7.89 % into Connecticut Water 's base rates ; and .
In October 2015 , MARCUS CORP completed the sale of the Hotel Phillips , a 217 - room historic , landmark hotel in Kansas City , Missouri , which MARCUS CORP had previously successfully owned and operated for 14 years .
SURGE COMPONENTS INC lease SURGE COMPONENTS INC facilities from Great American Realty of Jefryn Blvd , LLC ( Great American ) , an entity owned equally by Ira Levy , Surge 's president , Steven Lubman , Surge 's vice president and one of its former directors , Mark Siegel .
If Lumos Networks Corp. rural exemption were removed , CLECs could more easily enter Lumos Networks Corp. RLECs markets .
Prior to forming Carlyle in 1987 , Mr. Conway was the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MCI Communications Corporation ( MCI ) .
Employees As of December 31 , 2015 , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . had a total of 51 full - time employees including one located in the United States .
During 2015 mCig , Inc. recorded an impairment loss of $ 625,000 related to the investment in Vapolution .
On July 23 , 2016 , Trans - Pacific Aerospace Company , Inc. entered into a business consultant agreement with Global Savings Organization pursuant to which GSO agreed to provide business campaign consulting services for Trans - Pacific Aerospace Company , Inc. s products for a six - month period .
American Midstream Partners , LP liquids pipelines , natural gas transportation and offshore pipelines and terminal assets are located in prolific producing regions and key demand markets in Alabama , Louisiana , Mississippi , North Dakota , Texas , Tennessee and in the Port of New Orleans in Louisiana and the Port of Brunswick in Georgia .
SIMULATIONS PLUS INC pharmaceutical software products are designed and developed by SIMULATIONS PLUS INC development teams in California , North Carolina , and New York , with California locations in Lancaster , Gureneville , San Jose , and San Diego , and in Buffalo , New York .
Each of GLADSTONE LAND Corp executive officers are also executive officers of Gladstone Commercial , which actively makes real estate investments , and each of GLADSTONE LAND Corp executive officers , other than Messrs. Beckhorn and Parrish , and each of GLADSTONE LAND Corp directors are also executive officers and directors , as applicable , of Gladstone Capital and Gladstone Investment , which actively make loans to and invest in small- and medium - sized companies .
INVH s stockholders can not be sure of the market value of the consideration that will be paid to SFR s shareholders upon completion of the Mergers and ( ii ) SFR s shareholders can not be sure of the market value of the consideration they will receive upon completion of the Mergers .
Mr. Olivier previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Eversource Energy from May 13 , 2008 until September 2 , 2014 , and of Eversource Service from May 13 , 2008 until August 11 , 2008 .
As of March 31 , 2017 , the combined balance of $ 86.7 million for the underfunded and unfunded plans included as liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets is comprised of current and non - current components of $ 0.5 million in " Other current liabilities " and $ 86.2 million in " Underfunded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans , " respectively .
Power of Attorney agreements among YOD WFOE , Sinotop Beijing and Bing Wu and YOD WFOE , Sinotop Beijing and Yun Zhu , both dated as of January 25 , 2016 .
Prior to 1978 Mr. Masters held positions as a legislative aid on the staff of the U.S. Congress and as executive assistant to the President of the University of California .
Internal unrest , acts of violence or strained relations between a foreign government and the U.S. or SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC company may adversely affect SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC operations .
INC s Level 3 financial liabilities consist of a conversion option and a redemption feature associated with ZIOPHARM ONCOLOGY INC s Series 1 preferred stock issued to Intrexon that has been bifurcated from the Series 1 preferred stock and are accounted for as derivative liabilities at fair value .
Virtu Financial , Inc. entered into a debt commitment letter with J.P. Morgan Chase Bank , N.A. for gross new borrowings of 1.65 billion and investment agreements with an affiliate of Temasek and North Island Holdings for the sale of $ 750 million of Class A common stock .
Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Stock Purchase Agreement , on the Closing Date , ( i ) the Board of Directors of Authentic appointed Joseph Spiteri and Ralph M. Amato as members to the Board of Directors ; ( ii ) Hrant Isbeceryan and David Lewis Richardson , the current executive officers of MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC , resigned from the Company ; ( iii ) the Board of Directors appointed Joseph Spiteri as MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC . s Chief Executive Officer , President , Secretary and Treasurer , Ronald J. Everett as MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC . s Chief Financial Officer , and Nicholas P. DeVito as MOJO DATA SOLUTIONS , INC . s Chief Operating Officer ; and ( iv )
Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net cash used in operating activities of $ 7.6 million during the three months ended March 31 , 2017 primarily resulted from MARRONE BIO INNOVATIONS INC net loss of $ 7.6 million and $ 1.4 million in cash used by operating assets and liabilities , which was partially offset by certain non - cash charges consisting of share - based compensation of $ 0.6 million , depreciation and amortization of $ 0.5 million , $ 0.3 million of non - cash interest expense .
On March 17 , 2015 , in an additional secondary offering of Lumos Networks Corp. s common stock , Quadrangle sold 1,600,000 shares on an underwritten basis .
Oil - Dri Corp of America foreign subsidiaries in the United Kingdom and China have not generated any untaxed foreign income , therefore Oil - Dri Corp of America have not provided for any related income taxes .
In December 2015 , Sempra Renewables sold its 100 - percent interest in Rosamond Solar , a development project located in Antelope Valley , California for $ 26 million in cash .
During the year ended December 31 , 2015 , AMC ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS , INC . suspended equity method accounting for AMC ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS , INC . investment in Open Road Films when the negative investment in Open Road Films reached AMC ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS , INC . commitment of $ 10,000,000 .
After the payment to the holders of the shares of 2010 ESOP Preferred Stock of the full preferential amounts provided for in this Section 7 , the holders of 2010 ESOP Preferred Stock , as such , shall have no right or claim to any of the remaining assets of WELLS FARGO & COMPANY / MN .
In January 2014 , Colomer 's U.S. subsidiaries became additional guarantors under Products Corporation 's Amended Credit Agreements and 5 % Senior Notes .
Material changes in ORACLE CORP estimates as to how much of ORACLE CORP foreign earnings will be distributed to the United States or tax legislation that limits or restricts the amount of undistributed foreign earnings that ORACLE CORP consider indefinitely reinvested outside the United States could materially impact ORACLE CORP income tax provision and effective tax rate .
As directed by the Sarbanes - Oxley Act , Home Federal Bancorp , Inc. of Louisiana principal executive officer and principal financial officer are required to certify that Home Federal Bancorp , Inc. of Louisiana quarterly and annual reports do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact .
SCHOLASTIC CORP is currently evaluating the impact hurricanes Harvey and Irma could have on SCHOLASTIC CORP 's operations in the Houston and Florida regions .
Certification of Kerry A. Shiba , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a ) and 15d-14(a ) , as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302(a ) of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 ( filed herewith ) .
On December 23 , 2016 , GALECTIN THERAPEUTICS INC and 10X Fund LP amended the B-3 Agreement whereby GALECTIN THERAPEUTICS INC agreed to issue and sell to 10X Fund LP an additional ( i ) 1,008,000 shares of its B-3 preferred stock with an aggregate stated value and proceeds of $ 1,008,000 and convertible into 896,997 shares of common stock , and ( ii ) warrants to purchase up to 924,780 shares of common stock .
This annual limitation is generally equal to the product of the value of Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. stock on the date of the ownership change , multiplied by the long - term tax - exempt rate published monthly by the Internal Revenue Service .
The effective tax rates for 2017 and 2016 differ from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 34 % due primarily to NN INC earnings outside the United States that are indefinitely reinvested and taxed at rates lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate .
In October 2015 , YIELD10 BIOSCIENCE , INC . entered into a common stock purchase agreement with Aspire Capital Fund , LLC , ( Aspire ) under which Aspire was committed to purchase , at YIELD10 BIOSCIENCE , INC . 's direction , up to an aggregate of $ 20,000 of shares of YIELD10 BIOSCIENCE , INC . 's common stock over a 30 month period .
U.S. insurance subsidiaries are generally not subject to income taxes in the states in which Essent Group Ltd. operate ; however , Essent Group Ltd. non - insurance subsidiaries are subject to state income taxes .
Prior to his current role Mr. Ogden worked as a Personal Trainer for both private clients and clients of LA Fitness Limited in South Kensington from June 2006 .
HYPERDYNAMICS CORP have one reportable segment : HYPERDYNAMICS CORP international operations in Guinea conducted through HYPERDYNAMICS CORP subsidiary SCS .
CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS INC provide integrated solid waste services in six states : Vermont , New Hampshire , New York , Massachusetts , Maine and Pennsylvania , with CASELLA WASTE SYSTEMS INC headquarters located in Rutland , Vermont .
Beginning with the first quarter of 2016 , FBR & Co. s investment activities will be included within its capital markets segment and not as a separate reportable segment .
Executive Employment Agreement for Fred Ma , Chief Medical Officer dated November 1 , 2016 , filed herewith .
COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES On July 1 , 2004 , MAJESTIC OIL & GAS entered into an operating agreement with Altamont Oil Gas , Inc , through which Altamont Oil Gas , Inc. will operate the wells in which MAJESTIC OIL & GAS have acquired a working interest .
Solis Tek Inc. ( the Company ) was originally incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on March 2 , 2007 as Cinjet , Inc. ( Cinjet ) .
MB FINANCIAL INC /MD consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and follow general practices within the industries in which MB FINANCIAL INC /MD operate .
Mr. Amster also serves as a director of Maple Leaf Financial , Inc , the holding company for Geauga Savings Bank , and newAX , Inc. ( formerly Astrex , Inc. ) .
Name Position Mar a Eugenia Ojeda Ortiz CFO / acting CEO Carlos Humberto Ju rez del Toro Legal Manager Marco Antonio Zepeda Orozco Director of Operations Roberto Tena Alavez Director of Development / Regulatory Marco Antonio Aguilar Curiel Comptroller Jos Luis Rosas Martell HR Manager Haydee Neira Lab .
On September 21 , 2009 FRANKLIN WIRELESS CORP entered into Change of Control Agreements with OC Kim , FRANKLIN WIRELESS CORP President , Yun J. ( David ) Lee , FRANKLIN WIRELESS CORP Chief Operating Officer , and Yong Bae Won , FRANKLIN WIRELESS CORP Vice President , Engineering .
Aerospace Electronics operating profit decreased by $ 1.7 million , or 2.4 % , to $ 70.0 million in 2017 , primarily as a result of the lower volumes , partially offset by productivity and improved mix .
CENTENE CORP failure to comply with laws and regulations governing CENTENE CORP conduct outside the United States or to successfully navigate international regulatory regimes that apply to us could adversely affect CENTENE CORP ability to market CENTENE CORP products and services , which may have a material adverse effect on CENTENE CORP business , financial condition and results of operations .
Milon C. Smith , 65 , has served as executive vice president and chief credit officer of TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC company and TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC bank since October 2005 .
On September 2 , 1985 , Malaysia HWGG was incorporated under the laws of Malaysia as a private company limited by shares with the name Ho Wah Genting Holdings SDN .
In the event of a sale of Enumeral Biomedical Holdings , Inc. company during the term of the 2017 Notes , at the closing of such sale , at the option of each Holder , a Holder will be entitled to receive an amount equal to 200 % of the outstanding principal amount of the 2017 Notes , together with accrued and unpaid interest due thereon ; provided , that such amount will be paid in either cash or securities of the acquiring entity at such acquiring entity s discretion .
Mr. Lamkin currently serves as Senior Vice President and General Manager , Digital Media .
Mr. Speicher was Corporate Controller at Cerulean Technologies Inc , a software product company , from 1996 to 2001 .
The jurisdictions in which WHITE MOUNTAINS INSURANCE GROUP LTD s subsidiaries and branches are subject to tax are Barbados , Gibraltar , Ireland , Israel , Luxembourg , the Netherlands , the United Kingdom and the United States .
Name of Original Guarantor Jurisdiction of Organization Iridium Communications Inc. State of Delaware , USA Iridium Holdings LLC State of Delaware , USA Iridium Carrier Holdings LLC State of Delaware , USA Iridium Carrier Services LLC State of Delaware , USA Iridium Constellation LLC State of Delaware , USA Iridium Blocker - B Inc. State of Delaware , USA Iridium Government Services LLC State of Delaware , USA Syncom - Iridium Holdings Corp. State of Delaware , USA .
Pursuant to the exchange agreement , Sandor Capital Master Fund LP exchanged the note and relinquished any and all other rights it may have pursuant to the note in exchange for 750,000 shares of Orbital Tracking Corp. newly designated Series D Preferred Stock .
Archrock , Inc. common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol AROC .
Unless and until Owner notifies Contractor to the contrary or otherwise provides Contractor with different instructions , Gary Ghio is hereby designated by Owner as its authorized representative to make decisions for , and receive information on behalf of , Owner in connection with the Work , provided , however , all written notices required to Owner under the Contract Documents shall also be given to Owner at its address on Page 1 of this Agreement and to the following : Dexcom , 6340 Sequence Drive , San Diego , CA 92121 , Attn : Timothy F. O Brien , Director Legal Affairs .
that certain Second Contract for the Sale and Purchase of Capacity , Energy and Ancillary Services , dated as of September 30 , 2010 , between DEBM , as assignee of Hess , and BEC , as amended by that certain Amendment to Second Contract for the Sale and Purchase of Capacity , Energy and Ancillary Services , dated as of June 12 , 2014 .
In June Planet Fitness , Inc. increased Mr. Moore s base salary from $ 280,000 to $ 300,000 .
On July 21 , 2010 , President Obama signed into law the Dodd - Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( the Dodd - Frank Act ) , which imposes significant regulations on almost every aspect of the U.S. financial services industry , including aspects of Carlyle Group L.P. business .
On December 12 , 2016 , Medley Capital Corp entered into an ATM debt distribution agreement with FBR Capital Markets Co , through which Medley Capital Corp could offer for sale , from time to time , up to $ 40.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes .
In recognition of Mr. Tosi s significant contributions to the firm over the course of his tenure as Chief Financial Officer and as consideration for a general release of claims in favor of the firm and its related parties , Blackstone Group L.P. determined it was appropriate to enter into a withdrawal agreement with Mr. Tosi which provided for a lump - sum cash payment as well as modifications to two previously granted equity awards .
Sales and marketing expenses increased $ 59.7 million , or 55 % , in the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 compared to the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 , due primarily to an increase in advertising costs of $ 45.6 million , a $ 9.0 million increase in salaries , commissions , and related expenses due to CarGurus , Inc. increased revenue and a 33 % increase in headcount , a $ 1.6 million increase in expenses related to marketing events , and a $ 1.3 million increase in consulting fees .
Certain of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC products are subject to export controls under U.S. law .
Export revenue as a percentage of total revenue declined in 2015 due to the decline in sales of SMT systems and electronic assembly alignment sensors , which tend to have a higher proportion of sales outside the United States compared to CYBEROPTICS CORP other products .
To mitigate the short - term effect of changes in currency exchange rates on ALAMO GROUP INC s functional currency - based sales , ALAMO GROUP INC s U.K. and Canadian subsidiaries regularly enter into foreign exchange contracts for over 90 % of their future net foreign currency cash receipts over a period of six months .
Cheetah Enterprises , Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on June 27 , 2014 , and CHEETAH ENTERPRISES , INC . fiscal year end is November 30 .
Certain of MICROCHIP TECHNOLOGY INC operations are located in arid or tropical regions , such as Arizona and Thailand .
February 26 , 2016 Richard A. Smith President and Director ( Chief Executive Officer ) .
I , Gregory E. Abel , certify that : I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Berkshire Hathaway Energy Company ; Based on my knowledge , this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made , in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made , not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report ; Based on my knowledge , the financial statements , and other financial information included in this report , fairly present in all material respects the financial condition , results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of , and for , the periods presented in this report ; The registrant s other certifying officer(s ) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures ( as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e ) and 15d-15(e ) ) and internal control over financial reporting ( as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f ) and 15d-15(f ) ) for the registrant and have : ( a ) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures , or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under PACIFICORP /OR/ supervision , to ensure that material information relating to the registrant , including its consolidated subsidiaries , is made known to us by others within those entities , particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared ; ( b ) Designed such internal control over financial reporting , or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under PACIFICORP /OR/ supervision , to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles ; ( c )
The remaining $ 4.5 million of Tabula Rasa HealthCare , Inc. service revenue was related to the portion of Tabula Rasa HealthCare , Inc. fixed fee arrangement Tabula Rasa HealthCare , Inc. recognized under Tabula Rasa HealthCare , Inc.
Net cash flows used in operating activities for the year ended December 31 , 2015 amounted to $ 620,944 and were primarily attributable to Orbital Tracking Corp. net loss of $ 2,064,211 offset by ; stock based compensation of $ 1,072,500 , depreciation expense of $ 94,412 , amortization expense of $ 332,956 , change in fair value of derivative liabilities , net $ 63,454 and imputed interest of $ 5,581 .
Limitations on ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR Ltd ability to transfer funds to ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR Ltd China subsidiaries could adversely affect ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR Ltd ability to expand ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR Ltd operations , make investments that could benefit ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR Ltd businesses and otherwise fund and conduct ALPHA & OMEGA SEMICONDUCTOR Ltd business .
In this Annual Report on Form 10 - K , unless the context requires otherwise , the terms InspireMD , Inc , InspireMD , Inc , us , or InspireMD , Inc. refer to InspireMD , Inc , a Delaware corporation , and its subsidiaries , including InspireMD Ltd , taken as a whole .
Maria Jaksch , Trustees of the Jaksch Family Trust , Margery Germain , Lauren Germain , Emily Germain , Lucie Germain , Frank Louis Jaksch , Jr , and the University of Mississippi Research Foundation ( incorporated by reference to , and filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8 - K filed with the Commission on June 24 , 2008 ) .
Certification of Steven J. Hilton , Chief Executive Officer Filed herewith .
From 1996 through 2007 , Mr. McNeilly served in various North Sea and Gulf of Mexico Deepwater operations and asset management positions with Amoco and then BP .
Mr. Attwood serves as a member of the boards of directors of CoreSite Realty , Getty Images and The Nielsen Company .
Each share of Series Q Preferred Stock is convertible into 5,000 shares of Terra Tech Corp. s common stock immediately upon Terra Tech Corp. filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada an Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to increase its authorized capital for , among other reasons , satisfaction of the terms of the potential acquisition of Black Oak , as discussed in more detail below .
IXYS CORP /DE/ are subject to income taxes and other taxes in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which IXYS CORP /DE/ currently operate or have historically operated .
It is expected that this overall trend will continue into the second quarter of 2016 until LSB INDUSTRIES INC begin operating LSB INDUSTRIES INC new ammonia production plant at the El Dorado Facility and will negatively impact LSB INDUSTRIES INC operating results until that point .
Capital Expenditures and Remodeling Commitment with BKC On December 17 , 2015 , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . and BKC entered into the Second Amendment to Operating Agreement ( the " Amendment " ) , which amended the operating agreement and a subsequent amendment to the operating agreement , previously entered into between us and BKC in connection with CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . acquisition of 278 Burger King restaurants from BKC in 2012 .
XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP financing activities provided $ 415,000 of net cash for the three months ended December 31 , 2015 from the issuance of shares of XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP common stock related to the exercise of stock options and the issuance of XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP common stock through XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP employee stock purchase plan .
" SFX " refers to SFX Entertainment Inc , a company affiliated with Robert F.X. Sillerman , DraftDay Fantasy Sports , Inc. 's Executive Chairman , Chief Executive Officer , and a Director ( hereinafter , " Mr. Sillerman " ) .
IMMUNOMEDICS INC s U.S. operations reported a net loss for the three and six -month periods ended December 3 1 , 2014 , resulting in a tax benefit that was fully offset by a valuation allowance .
More recently , newly - elected Speaker of the House , Paul Ryan , has indicated that comprehensive tax reform will be a high priority for the Republican leadership in Congress .
Furthermore , ENTEGRIS INC incur additional legal compliance costs associated with ENTEGRIS INC international operations and could become subject to legal penalties in foreign countries if ENTEGRIS INC do not comply with local laws and regulations , which may be substantially different from those in the United States .
A BEAR WORKSHOP INC quarterly results of operations could cause the price of BUILD A BEAR WORKSHOP INC common stock to substantially decline .
BVI - ACM thereby became China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc wholly owned subsidiary and the former stockholders of BVI - ACM became China Advanced Construction Materials Group , Inc controlling stockholders .
( b ) Concurrent with the termination of the note purchase agreements with the Midbrook 2013 - VFN1 Trust and the OneMain Financial B5 Warehouse Trust discussed below , on April 13 , 2017 , OneMain Holdings , Inc. entered into the OneMain Financial Funding VII LSA with the same third party lenders who were parties to the terminated note purchase agreements .
Prior to his promotion to Chief Commercial Officer , Mr. Mauro served as President , North America , successfully leading Mylan s largest commercial business .
Through TOT Group Russia and Net Element Russia , Net Element , Inc. provide transactional services , mobile payment transactions , online payment transactions and other payment technologies in emerging countries in the Russian Federation , Commonwealth of Independent States ( CIS ) , Europe and Asia .
Mr. Wagner has authored several books on the topic of trading and investment management and is currently the Research Committee Chairman of the CFA - Institute Research Foundation .
William M. Parent , President and Chief Executive Officer of Blue Hills Bancorp , Inc. ( the Company ) , and James Kivlehan , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Blue Hills Bancorp , Inc , each certify in his capacity as an officer of Blue Hills Bancorp , Inc. that he has reviewed the quarterly report on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 ( the Report ) and
New Property Operations : American Campus Communities Operating Partnership LP new properties for the six months ended June 30 , 2017 are summarized in the table of new properties contained in the discussion of American Campus Communities Operating Partnership LP results of operations for the three months ended June 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
I , Thomas K. Pigott , Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of MGP Ingredients , Inc. ( the Company ) , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , that : .
As a result , under HLBE 's member control agreement , Project Viking is entitled to appoint five ( 5 ) of the nine ( 9 ) governors to HLBE 's board of governors .
On March 11 , 2016 , the closing price for a share of Heritage Global Inc. s common stock as quoted on the CSE was Canadian $ 0.22 .
On May 29 , 2015 , ALR TECHNOLOGIES INC . and Sidney Chan , the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of ALR TECHNOLOGIES INC , agreed to amend the existing credit agreement between the two parties to increase the borrowing limit on the line of credit provided to ALR TECHNOLOGIES INC . from $ 5,500,000 to $ 7,000,000 .
David J. Mazzo , PhD Name : David J. Mazzo , PhD Title : Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
Examples of forward - looking statements and information include NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . statements regarding : the commercial potential for , and market acceptance of , NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . products ; NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . estimates as to the potential number of patients with the diseases for which NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . products are approved or for which NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . product candidates are being developed ; NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . expectations with respect to reimbursement of NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . products in the U.S. and elsewhere ; NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . expectations with respect to named patient sales of NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . products in Brazil and in other countries where such sales are permitted ; the potential for and possible timing of approval of NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . products in countries or regions where NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . have not yet obtained approval ; NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . plans for further clinical development of NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . products ; the potential for zuretinol to obtain a rare pediatric disease designation and/or priority review voucher , if approved , and NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . efforts to out - license zuretinol ; NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . expectations regarding future regulatory filings for NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . products , including potential marketing approval applications with respect to metreleptin to expand the indication for metreleptin in the U.S. ; NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . plans for commercial marketing , sales , manufacturing and distribution of NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . products ; NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . expectations with respect to the impact of competition on NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . future operations and results ; NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . beliefs with respect to NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . intellectual property portfolio for NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . products and the extent to which it allows us to exclusively develop and commercialize NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . products and product candidates ; NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . expectations regarding the availability of data and marketing exclusivity for NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . products in the U.S , the EU , Japan and other countries ; NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . view of potential outcomes of Aegerion s ongoing Department of Justice ( " DOJ " ) and Securities and Exchange Commission ( " SEC " ) investigations and shareholder litigation , including the terms of the agreements in principle with respect to the investigations and the agreement in principle with respect to the settlement of Aegerion s shareholder litigation , and investigations in Brazil , and the possible impact and additional consequences of each on NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . business ; NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . expectations regarding the impact on U.S. sales and patient attrition of JUXTAPID as a result of the implementation of the modified JUXTAPID Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy program ; NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . expectations regarding NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . global consolidated tax structure and planning , NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . ability to achieve tax savings or utilize net operating loss carryforwards and other tax and tax planning activities , including whether NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . are characterized as a U.S. domestic corporation or passive foreign investment company for U.S. federal income tax purposes ; NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . forecasts regarding sales of NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . products , NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . future expenses , NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . cash position and the timing of any future need for additional capital to fund operations and product development opportunities ; NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . ability to successfully integrate the businesses of Aegerion and Novelion ; and NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . ability to manufacture and supply sufficient amounts of NOVELION THERAPEUTICS INC . products to meet demand for commercial and clinical supplies .
Each direct and indirect parent of Athene Holding Ltd U.S. insurance subsidiaries ( including AHL ) is subject to the insurance holding company laws of each of the Athene Domiciliary States .
Mr. Bertcher has also served in the following capacities for New Concept Energy , Inc. ( NCE ) , a Nevada corporation which has its common stock listed on the NYSE : Director since June 1999 , Chairman of the Board since December 2006 , Chief Executive Officer since December 2006 , President since November 2004 , Chief Financial Officer since November 1989 , Treasurer since November 1989 and Secretary since October 2012 .
From 1976 - 1986 , Mr. Beck worked for Quality Bowling Corporation where he started as the sixth employee hired and finished his time there as a purchasing agent in a company that had grown to over 40 employees .
Since 2007 , Mr. Hilzinger has served as a partner at Court Square Capital Partners L.P , an independent private equity firm , where he is responsible for investing in the healthcare sector .
Diversegy , which Genie Energy Ltd. acquired in December 2013 , operates as an energy broker and advisor to industrial , commercial and municipal customers across deregulated energy markets in the United States .
The table below sets forth , for Freedom Leaf Inc. last two fiscal years , the compensation earned by Clifford J. Perry , Freedom Leaf Inc. director ( from November 6 , 2014 through June 30 , 2017 ) and as Freedom Leaf Inc. chief executive officer and chief financial officer ( from March 1 , 2015 through June 30 , 2017 ) , Richard C. Cowan , Freedom Leaf Inc. director ( from November 6 , 2014 through June 30 , 2017 ) and as Freedom Leaf Inc. former chief executive officer and chief financial officer ( from November 6 , 2014 through February 28 , 2015 ) , and Raymond P. Medeiros , Freedom Leaf Inc. director ( from January 22 , 2015 through June 30 , 2017 ) .
By : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Dieter Schilling , President and CEO .
In consideration of consensus projections of weak export pricing and a weak outlook for coal exports , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . have written off CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . equity investment in GPT by recording a charge of $ 6.0 million during the fourth quarter of 2015 .
Identification of Executive Officers Robert J. Banks , 61 , was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer in February 2008 .
David Phipps , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman , 50 , has served as the Managing Director of GTCL since 2008 and as the President of GTC , a competitor of Orbital Tracking Corp , from 2003 through 2014 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Trans World Entertainment Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending April 29 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT CORP , Michael Feurer , Chief Executive Officer of TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT CORP and John Anderson , Chief Financial Officer of TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of TRANS WORLD ENTERTAINMENT CORP knowledge : .
Prior Year The $ 95 million decrease in the Consumer and Film Operational EBITDA was mainly due to the impact of volume declines within Consumer Inkjet Systems mentioned above ( $ 49 million ) and lower Consumer Products revenues due to the licensing arrangement in the prior year discussed above ( $ 29 million ) .
As of January 3 , 2016 , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . owned 21 and leased 684 Burger King restaurant properties including three restaurants located in mall shopping centers and 21 co - branded locations .
Analysis of Operations for 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 GCP Applied Technologies Inc. have set forth in the table below GCP Applied Technologies Inc. key operating statistics with percentage changes for the years ended December 31 , 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 .
From June 2009 to December 2014 , Mr. Egan was employed by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC , a financial services firm , where his responsibilities included serving as Executive Director and as Co - Chief Investment Officer for Morgan Stanley Managed Futures from June 2009 through June 2011 and as Chief Risk Officer for Morgan Stanley Managed Futures from June 2011 through October 2014 .
From 2012 to 2014 , Mr. Call was Group Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , with additional oversight for Legal and the Corporate Secretary function .
Exterran Corp estimate of the fair value of the impaired assets of Belleli CPE , which are classified as discontinued operations , during the three months ended March 31 , 2016 was based on Exterran Corp expected proceeds from the sale of Belleli CPE , net of selling costs .
The following table summarizes WILLIAMS SONOMA INC stock - settled stock appreciation right activity during the thirty - nine weeks ended October 29 , 2017 : Restricted Stock Units The following table summarizes WILLIAMS SONOMA INC restricted stock unit activity during the thirty - nine weeks ended October 29 , 2017 : .
Also , Mr. Missling served as the Chief Financial Officer of Curis , Inc. ( NASDAQ : CRIS ) and ImmunoGen , Inc. ( NASDAQ : IMGN ) .
Orbital Tracking Corp. intend to establish a nominating committee of the Board of Directors once Orbital Tracking Corp. have satisfied the other initial listing standards for listing Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market or another national exchange .
Prior to joining Entegris , Mr. Rucci served POCO as the President and Chief Operating Officer since 2007 , Chief Operating Officer since 2005 , Chief Financial Officer since 2001 and Vice President of Business Development since 1998 .
On February 15 , 2015 , China Agriculture invested RMB 400 million ( approximately $ 65 million ) into Pingtan Fishing and acquired an 8 % equity interest in Pingtan Fishing .
For additional information regarding REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP business , see " Part 1 , Item 1 - Business " in this Form 10 - K. Discontinued Operations Presentation As a result of REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's decision on December 30 , 2013 to exit its direct manufacturing , warehousing and sales business operations in mainland China , effective December 31 , 2013 , REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP is reporting the results of its former China operations within income ( loss ) from discontinued operations , net of taxes in REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP 's Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive ( Loss ) Income .
LA JOLLA PHARMACEUTICAL CO s 2013 Equity Plan stock option activity for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 was comprised of the following : .
DARYL G. BYRD , age 61 , has served as IBERIABANK CORP President since 1999 and as Chief Executive Officer since 2000 .
Ltd. Singapore 100 % owned by Aspen Managing Agency Limited Aspen Underwriting Limited * England and Wales 100 % owned by Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited Aspen European Holdings Limited England and Wales 100 % owned by Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited Aspen Insurance UK Limited * England and Wales 100 % owned by Aspen European Holdings Limited Silverton Re Limited Bermuda 100 % owned by Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited Aspen Insurance UK Services Limited England and Wales 100 % owned by Aspen ( UK ) Holdings Limited AIUK Trustees Limited England and Wales 100 % owned by Aspen Insurance UK Services Limited APJ Continuation Limited England and Wales 100 % owned by Aspen ( UK ) Holdings Limited Aspen UK Syndicate Services Limited England and Wales 100 % owned by APJ Continuation Limited APJ Asset Protection Jersey Limited Jersey 100 % owned by APJ Continuation Limited Aspen Risk Management Limited England and Wales 80 % owned by Aspen ( UK ) Holdings Limited 20 % owned by employees of Aspen Risk Management Limited Aspen Recoveries Limited England and Wales 100 % owned by Aspen ( UK ) Holdings Limited Aspen U.S. Holdings , Inc. * U.S. Delaware 100 % owned by Aspen ( UK ) Holdings Limited Aspen Insurance U.S. Services Inc. U.S. Delaware 100 % owned by Aspen U.S. Holdings , Inc. Aspen Specialty Insurance Company * U.S. North Dakota 100 % owned by Aspen American Insurance Company Aspen Re America , Inc. U.S. Delaware 100 % owned by Aspen U.S. Holdings , Inc. Aspen Specialty Insurance Solutions , LLC U.S. California 100 % owned by Aspen U.S. Holdings , Inc. Aspen Specialty Insurance Management , Inc. U.S. Massachusetts 100 % owned by Aspen U.S. Holdings , Inc. Aspen American Insurance Company * U.S. Texas 100 % owned by Aspen U.S. Holdings , Inc. AG Logic Holdings , LLC U.S. Texas 100 % owned by Aspen U.S. Holdings ,
CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS INC operations are subject to income and transaction taxes in the United States and in multiple foreign jurisdictions , with a significant amount of CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS INC foreign earnings generated by CADENCE DESIGN SYSTEMS INC subsidiaries organized in Ireland and Hungary .
Orbital Tracking Corp. has paid an affiliated company of which Mr. Rector is the President $ 24,000 and $ 15,000 , for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively .
The following stock performance graph shows a comparison of cumulative total shareholder return of Atlas ' ordinary common voting shares for a three year period beginning with the first day Atlas traded on the NASDAQ exchange , with the cumulative total return of the Russell 2000 Index and the SNL U.S. Insurance P C Index .
Upon termination of the Merger Agreement under certain specified circumstances , Rice Energy may be required to pay EQT , or EQT may be required to pay Rice Energy , a termination fee of $ 255.0 million .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Tactical Diversified Futures Fund L.P. ( the Partnership ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Patrick T. Egan , President and Director of Ceres Managed Futures LLC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Non - compliance with the laws and regulations of India or the Philippines could result in ( i ) restrictions on OCWEN FINANCIAL CORP operations in these counties , ( ii ) fines , penalties or sanctions or ( iii ) reputational damage .
American Cannabis Company , Inc. discussion and analysis of American Cannabis Company , Inc. financial condition and results of operations are based upon American Cannabis Company , Inc. financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer Charles B. Stanley .
VERISIGN INC / CA increased the annual fee for a.net domain name registration from $ 6.79 to $ 7.46 on February 1 , 2016 , and from $ 7.46 to $ 8.20 on February 1 , 2017 .
Mr. Azar serves as President / Co - Founder of San Antonio - based Brittany Energy , LLC and Sezar Energy , LP , independent oil and gas exploration and production companies .
To facilitate the acquisition of 3PI , on April 1 , 2014 , POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . entered into an amended credit agreement with Wells Fargo Bank , National Association to increase POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . revolving line of credit from $ 75.0 million to $ 90.0 million and added a secured $ 5.0 million term loan , among other things .
Mr. Egan also served as a Director from November 2004 through October 2006 , and from November 2006 through October 2008 of the Managed Funds Association s Board of Directors , a position he was elected to by industry peers for two consecutive two - year terms .
Mr. Lakshman joined SEARS HOLDINGS CORP as President , Fulfillment - Supply Chain and Sourcing in September 2015 .
Digipath , Inc. was incorporated in Nevada on October 5 , 2010 .
INSIGNIA SYSTEMS INC / MN share repurchase program activity for the three months ended December 31 , 2015 was : .
Repayment of Non - Contributed Loan On May 1 , 2014 , Products Corporation used available cash on hand to optionally prepay in full the remaining $ 58.4 million principal amount outstanding under the non - contributed loan portion of Product Corporation 's amended and restated senior subordinated term loan agreement with MacAndrews Forbes ( the " Non - Contributed Loan " ) that remained owing from Products Corporation to various third parties .
ELIZABETH A. ARDOIN , age 47 , joined IBERIABANK CORP in 2002 as Senior Vice President and Director of Communications .
In 2008 , Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. began Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. market making operation and , subsequently , brokerage activities in India through Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. subsidiary , Interactive Brokers ( India ) Private Limited ( " IBI " ) , which is a member of the National Stock Exchange of India and the Bombay Stock Exchange .
In October 2015 , Spectra Energy acquired Spectra Energy Partners , LP 33.3 % ownership interests in DCP Sand Hills Pipeline , LLC ( Sand Hills ) and DCP Southern Hills Pipeline , LLC ( Southern Hills ) .
During the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , Leslie J. Goldman , an officer of NORTHWEST BIOTHERAPEUTICS INC , loaned NORTHWEST BIOTHERAPEUTICS INC an aggregate amount of $ 1,334,000 pursuant to certain Demand Promissory Note Agreements ( the Goldman Notes ) .
The following table summarizes Northern Tier Energy LP RSU activity for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 : .
FBR & Co. investment banking revenues in 2014 were generated from 55 client transactions representing $ 11 billion in transaction value .
CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . currently operate solely in the PRB , the lowest cost region of the major coal producing regions in the U.S , where CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . own and operate three surface coal mines : the Antelope Mine , the Cordero Rojo Mine , and the Spring Creek Mine .
The Bank of New York Mellon , a New York state - chartered bank , which houses Bank of New York Mellon Corp Investment Services businesses , including Asset Servicing , Issuer Services , Treasury Services , Broker - Dealer and Advisor Services , as well as the bank - advised business of Asset Management ; and .
For a complete description of debt held by unconsolidated affiliates see Note 5 , Investments Accounted for by the Equity Method and Variable Interest Entities to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31 , 2016 included in NRG YIELD LLC 's May 9 , 2017 Form 8 - K. Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments NRG YIELD LLC has a variety of contractual obligations and other commercial commitments that represent prospective cash requirements in addition to NRG YIELD LLC capital expenditure programs , as disclosed in NRG YIELD LLC 's 2016 Form 10 - K. Fair Value of Derivative Instruments NRG YIELD LLC may enter into fuel purchase contracts and other energy - related derivative instruments to mitigate variability in earnings due to fluctuations in spot market prices and to hedge fuel requirements at certain generation facilities .
24 * Power of Attorney for Jeffrey P. Berger , James R. Chambers , Marla C. Gottschalk , Cynthia T. Jamison , Philip E. Mallott , Nancy A. Reardon , Wendy L. Schoppert , and Russell E. Solt . 31.1 * Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 .
PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH CORP operate Animal Health R D and product testing at PHIBRO ANIMAL HEALTH CORP facilities in : Guarulhos , Brazil ; Beit Shemesh , Israel ; Neot Hovav , Israel ; Ma ayan Tzvi , Israel ; Quincy , Illinois ; Corvallis , Oregon ; State College , Pennsylvania ; Manhattan , Kansas ; St. Paul , Minnesota ; and Omaha , Nebraska .
On February 24 , 2014 , Roadrunner Transportation Systems , Inc. acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Rich Logistics and Everett Transportation Inc. and certain assets of Keith Everett ( collectively , " Rich Logistics " ) for the purpose of expanding its current market presence in the TL segment .
During September 2015 , ACTIVECARE , INC . entered into consulting agreements with ADP Management , an entity controlled by Mr. David Derrick .
YuMe Inc have adopted a Code of Conduct for Directors that applies to all directors and a Code of Conduct for Employees that applies to all employees , including YuMe Inc principal executive officer , Jayant Kadambi , principal financial officer , Tony Carvalho , and all other executive officers .
On October 1 , 2015 , SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP 's Board of Directors appointed Mr. Johnson to replace J. Lynn Beckstead , Jr. who had served as SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP 's Vice President of Mortgage Operations from 2003 until his retirement on December 31 , 2015 and as President of SecurityNational Mortgage from 1993 until his retirement on December 31 , 2015 .
Prior to joining us , Mr. Kreter served in a number of executive positions at Quantum Corporation , most recently as the VP Global Services from 2004 to January 2007 , where he managed ITERIS , INC . 's worldwide customer service organization .
As a result of the February 2017 recapitalization transaction , Groupon , Inc. currently holds an investment in the most senior equity units in Monster LP s capital structure .
In addition , some of TerraForm Power , Inc. executive officers serve as executive officers of TerraForm Global , including Peter Blackmore , TerraForm Power , Inc. and TerraForm Global s Chairman and Interim Chief Executive Officer , and Rebecca Cranna , TerraForm Power , Inc. and TerraForm Global s Chief Financial Officer .
NOODLES & Co common stock has traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol NDLS since it began trading on June 28 , 2013 , the date of NOODLES & Co IPO .
If the value of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar weakens , revenues and earnings of PATTERSON UTI ENERGY INC Canadian operations will be reduced and the value of PATTERSON UTI ENERGY INC Canadian net assets will decline when they are translated to U.S. dollars .
The following table summarizes SEACHANGE INTERNATIONAL INC s stock option activity : The weighted - average fair valuation at grant date of stock options granted during the years ended January 31 , 2017 , 2016 and 2015 , was $ 3.09 , $ 2.75 , and $ 3.39 , respectively .
On October 1 , 2010 , Blackstone Group L.P. purchased a 40 % equity interest in P tria Investments Limited and P tria Investimentos Ltda .
As additional consideration for entering in the April 2017 Schiller Loan Agreement , Jerrick Media Holdings , Inc. issued Schiller a five - year warrant to purchase 10,000 shares of Jerrick Media Holdings , Inc. s common stock at a purchase price of $ 0.30 per share .
Depreciation and amortization expense increased by $ 600 primarily due to an increase in amortization expense of $ 245 related to Gas Natural Inc. regulatory asset in Frontier Natural Gas and as a result of an increase of $ 163 related to Gas Natural Inc.
Accordingly , RPC INC operating results may vary from quarter to quarter , depending on the impact of these weather conditions .
RH Segment gross profit for the three months ended April 30 , 2016 was negatively impacted by $ 7.7 million related to the estimated cumulative impact of coupons redeemed in connectio n with a legal claim alleging that RH violated California s Song - Beverly Credit Card Act of 1971 by requesting and recording ZIP codes from customers paying with credit cards .
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation During 2015 , L. John Doerr , Paul S. Otellini , and K. Ram Shriram served on the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee .
In accordance with the corporate administration agreement , Navig8 Crude agreed to pay the Navig8 Limited subsidiary a fee of $ 250.00 per vessel or newbuilding owned by Navig8 Crude per day .
From December 1998 to July 2000 , Dr. Zomer served as Vice President of Product Development at SafeScience , Inc. and Vice President of Research and Development at Charm Sciences , Inc. from June 1987 to November 1998 .
Some or all of these items could have a material adverse effect on CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT business as well as CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT ability to finance CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT business and comply with regulatory requirements .
LIQTECH INTERNATIONAL INC market LIQTECH INTERNATIONAL INC products from LIQTECH INTERNATIONAL INC offices in the United States and Denmark , and through local representatives .
On June 30 , 2015 , Mountain High Acquisitions Corp. executed a Rescission Agreement with FSF canceling the FSF Agreement .
This 11th day of March , 2016 , THE MAINE WATER COMPANY , a Maine business corporation ( Seller ) , agrees to sell , and COASTAL MOUNTAINS LAND TRUST , a Maine nonprofit corporation ( Buyer ) , agrees to buy , upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth , two conservation easements described in Paragraph 2 of this Agreement .
Ann P. Daiss Comptroller and Chief Accounting Officer ( Principal Accounting Officer ) .
Increased Fluids Division revenues during the current year period compared to the prior year period were primarily due to $ 44.4 million of increased product sales revenues , attributed to increased clear brine fluids ( " CBF " ) and associated product sales revenues in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico , including product sales associated with a TETRA CS Neptune completion fluid project during the period .
Because CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT incur significant capital expenditures annually , CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT depend on the rates CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT charge CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT customers , which are subject to regulation .
From January 1998 to October 1998 , Mr. Markowski served as the Vice President of Finance for Medcom USA , a NASDAQ listed company .
Sempra Energy s U.S. subsidiaries also had $ 44 million of unused U.S. state general business tax credits that begin to expire in 2016 .
In February 2017 , AUTOLIV INC entered into a settlement agreement with plaintiffs in three of the four class actions to settle on a nationwide class basis for an amount that is not material to AUTOLIV INC s results of operations .
The increase was primarily from ALAMO GROUP INC 's U.S. operations .
Lowry Barfield has served as Northern Tier Energy LP 's Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary since August 2016 , and prior to that time served as Senior Vice President - Legal , General Counsel and Secretary from 2007 to 2016 and Vice President - Legal , General Counsel and Secretary from 2005 to 2007 .
Pursuant to such agreement , Mr. V. Swift also provides advisory services to key employees , officers and directors , and as otherwise requested by the Chairman of the Board , Chief Executive Officer and President .
On July 20 , 2017 , a subsidiary of Teledyne acquired assets of Scientific Systems , Inc. ( SSI ) for $ 31.0 million in cash .
Because the share - election exchange ratio will not be adjusted to reflect any changes in the market values of Littelfuse common stock and IXYS CORP /DE/ common stock , the market value of the Littelfuse common stock issued in connection with the merger and IXYS CORP /DE/ common stock surrendered in connection with the merger may be higher or lower than the value of those shares on earlier dates .
At December 31 , 2015 , IPL owned approximately 17,567 miles of overhead electric distribution line and 2,872 miles of underground electric distribution cable , as well as 573 substation distribution transformers , substantially all of which are located in Iowa .
During the year ended December 31 , 2015 , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC decreased SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC valuation allowance by $ 0.6 million to $ 58.3 million .
A large portion of BeiGene , Ltd. operations is located in a single facility in Changping , Beijing , PRC .
Internationally , ICU MEDICAL INC / DE manage ICU MEDICAL INC / DE operations through the Netherlands , which utilizes international regional hubs and ICU MEDICAL INC / DE also manage ICU MEDICAL INC / DE operations through independent distributors .
Deferred compensation totaling $ 267,000 as of March 31 , 2017 ( Successor ) , is included in Accrued Compensation - Related Party .
Goodwill increased $ 68.9 million during the six months ended June 30 , 2017 due to $ 70.5 million recognized as a result of the DCB acquisition in the second quarter of 2017 and a $ 1.6 million decrease related to adjustments to the fair value of assets acquired as part of the branch acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2016 .
Jeffrey Whitnell has served as a Director since October 23 , 2009 , Chairman of the Audit Committee , member of the Compensation Committee since October 2009 , member of the Nominating Committee since September 2016 and designated by the Board as an audit committee financial expert as defined under applicable rules under the Exchange Act .
Mr. Knight , HEXION INC . Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer : The Committee considered Mr. Knight s leadership in managing HEXION INC . leveraged balance sheet , his exceptional management of the shared services relationship with MPM and the retention of his team during a difficult year .
ICP participants who enter the KSIP are required to forego future annual recurring equity awards under the ICP , which are not replicated in the KSIP .
As of June 30 , 2017 , MAM SOFTWARE GROUP , INC . was in compliance with its loan covenants .
Cytosorbents Corp success will depend to a significant degree upon the continued services of Cytosorbents Corp key management team and advisors , including , Dr. Phillip Chan , Cytosorbents Corp Chief Executive Officer ; Kathleen P. Bloch , Cytosorbents Corp Chief Financial Officer ; Vincent Capponi , Cytosorbents Corp Chief Operating Officer and Dr. Eric R. Mortensen , Cytosorbents Corp Chief Medical Officer .
For example , in recent years , U.S. courts , including the U.S. Supreme Court and the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit , have taken some actions that have been viewed as unfavorable to patent holders , including PTG .
Jay Conzen , age 71 , has served as the President of Old Fashioned Kitchen , Inc , a national food distributor , since April 2003 and as a Director since 2011 .
On January 10 , 2016 , CODE GREEN APPAREL CORP issued 10,000,000 shares of its restricted common stock to its President and CEO , George J. Powell , III as a bonus in consideration for his efforts throughout the 2015 fiscal year .
There have been no material changes to Pendrell Corp legal proceedings disclosures included under Part I , Item 3 of Pendrell Corp 2016 Form 10 - K. Item 1A. Risk Factors .
The accompanying consolidated financial statements include all adjustments ( consisting of normal and recurring accruals ) considered necessary to present fairly TransMontaigne Partners L.P. financial position as of September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 and TransMontaigne Partners L.P. results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and 2016 .
Mr. Parks began his career as an engineer with Cities Service Company in 1978 .
Net cash provided by operating activities during the six months ended June 30 , 2017 reflected Apptio Inc net loss of $ 13.6 million , offset by non - cash expenses that included $ 7.3 million of stock - based compensation and $ 3.1 million of depreciation and amortization .
Subsequently , on October 13 , 2015 , Orbital Tracking Corp. purchased the Appliqu s for an additional cash consideration of $ 125,000 .
Mr. Stephen C. Gray was also a member of the Compensation Committee during 2015 but resigned from this committee upon becoming SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC President and Chief Executive Officer in February 2015 .
Attention : David Eldersveld , General Counsel Telephone : ( 312 ) 279 - 1442 Email : david_eldersveld@equitylifestyle.com .
Officers , directors , and persons owning more than 10 % of JUDO Capital Corp. capital shares are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all of reports they file pursuant to Section 16(a ) .
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer November 13 , 2017 David W. Honeyfield .
ESCO TECHNOLOGIES INC s results for the three and nine - month periods ended June 30 , 2017 are not necessarily indicative of the results for the entire 2017 fiscal year .
CYBEROPTICS CORP ended 2015 with a $ 15.0 million order backlog and are forecasting strongly improved sales and profitable operations for the first quarter of 2016 , reflecting growing demand and shipment schedules for SQ3000 systems and 3D MRS - enabled sensors .
By /s/ John H. Kemper Name : John H. Kemper Title : Vice President .
As of December 31 , 2016 , TCG BDC , INC . is not an affiliated person of any of these portfolio companies .
During the nine months ended September 30 , 2016 , net cash provided by operating activities of $ 9.0 million reflected Quotient Technology Inc. net loss of $ 23.0 million , adjusted for net non - cash expenses of $ 45.0 million , partially offset by cash used as a result of changes in working capital of $ 13.1 million .
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 Each of the undersigned , Jerome S. Griffith , President and Chief Executive Officer of Lands End , Inc. ( the Company ) and James F. Gooch , Executive Vice President , Chief Operating Officer , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of LANDS ' END , INC , has executed this certification in connection with the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission of LANDS ' END , INC . s Annual Report on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended January 27 , 2017 ( the Report ) .
Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S.
Mr. Johnson s employment may be terminated by FC Global Realty Inc for Cause , as defined in the Agreement , upon delivery of a Notice of Termination by FC Global Realty Inc to him , except where he is entitled to a cure period , in which case the Date of Termination will be upon the expiration of the cure period if the matter constituting Cause was not cured .
Mr. Gage received a Bachelor of Literary Arts from Brown University in December 2008 .
In addition to CAVCO INDUSTRIES INC production facilities , CAVCO INDUSTRIES INC own an office building and land in New Braunfels , Texas , which houses Standard Casualty 's operations , as well as ten properties upon which six of CAVCO INDUSTRIES INC active retail centers are located .
From 2008 to March 2012 , Mr. Mann has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of Hanover Portfolio Acquisitions , Inc. formerly known as Hanover Asset Management ,
During 2015 , CYBEROPTICS CORP reduced CYBEROPTICS CORP open Singapore dollar denominated foreign exchange forward contracts due to changes in CYBEROPTICS CORP supplier base and product mix .
Position William E. Conway , Jr. Founder , Co - Chief Executive Officer and Director Daniel A. D Aniello .
Lumos Networks Corp. previously provided health care benefits for retired employees , however , Lumos Networks Corp. terminated those benefits effective December 31 , 2014 .
As a result of QUANTUM CORP /DE/ global manufacturing and sales operations , QUANTUM CORP /DE/ are subject to a variety of risks related to QUANTUM CORP /DE/ business outside of the U.S , any of which could , individually or in the aggregate , have a material adverse effect on QUANTUM CORP /DE/ business .
WildHorse Resource Development Corp Principal Stockholders WildHorse Holdings , Esquisto Holdings , Acquisition Co. Holdings , NGP XI US Holdings , L.P. ( NGP XI ) , and management directly own 22.6 % , 41.2 % , 2.7 % , 9.6 % and 1.4 % , respectively , of WildHorse Resource Development Corp common stock .
Terry E. Swift Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer and President .
In the United States , if the ESRB rates a game as " AO " ( age 18 and older ) , platform licensors may not certify the game and retailers may refuse to sell it .
A U.S. tax - exempt organization may recognize unrelated business taxable income if a portion of the insurance income of any of Essent Group Ltd. non - U.S. insurance subsidiaries is allocated to the organization , which generally would be the case if any of Essent Group Ltd. non - U.S. insurance subsidiaries is a CFC and the tax - exempt shareholder is a 10 % U.S. Shareholder or there is RPII , certain exceptions do not apply and the tax - exempt organization owns any of Essent Group Ltd. shares .
On January 22 , 2016 , YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . terminated the employment of Mr. Weicheng Liu as Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) of YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS , INC . and entered into a separation agreement with him as of such date ( the Liu Separation Agreement ) .
Matthew Michael Realty , LLC is currently owned by Mr. Michael Grondahl , an original co - founder of Planet Fitness and brother of Mr. Marc Grondahl .
Additionally , after applying the new revenue standard , AMERICAN AIRLINES INC 2017 passenger revenue and pre - tax income is currently estimated to increase by approximately $ 300 million .
DubLi Network subsidiary offers membership subscription packages to its BAs who are Ominto , Inc. s sales and marketing engine driving traffic to DubLi.com .
Note 8 Business Segment Information Effective July 1 , 2017 , David A. Ciesinski , LANCASTER COLONY CORP President and Chief Operating Officer , succeeded John B. Gerlach , Jr. as CEO .
This residual attribution is based on the year to date average percentage of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units held by Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships .
Qrons Inc. can terminate the License Agreement for any reason upon 60 days prior written notice in which event Ariel will be required to reimburse Qrons Inc. for any unused research funds .
U.S. revenues from Howco 's operations have been from and will continue to be from sales and services rendered directly or indirectly to the U.S. Government .
As OOMA INC expand OOMA INC operations outside the U.S. and Canada , certain changes to U.S. tax laws , including limitations on t he ability to defer U.S. taxation on earnings outside of the U.S. until those earnings are repatriated to the U.S. could affect the tax treatment of OOMA INC foreign earnings .
Mr. Hill s and Mr. Finley s outstanding award vests on substantially similar terms as the deferred restricted Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units granted to Mr. Finley in 2013 and 2014 , except that ( 1 ) these awards will also be forfeited if the named executive officer is terminated without cause and ( 2 ) upon a qualifying retirement , 50 % of the unvested partnership units will continue to vest and be delivered over the vesting period , subject to forfeiture if the named executive officer violates any applicable provision of his employment agreement or engages in any competitive activity ( as such term is defined in the applicable award agreement ) .
Since July 2003 , Mr. Hilzinger also has served in various capacities as a member of the board of directors at Humana , Inc , a managed care company , including serving as Lead Director from August 2010 to January 2014 , and as Chairman since January 2014 .
If these payments become due under the terms of Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd. license agreements with BMS and AstraZeneca , Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd. may not have sufficient funds available to meet Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd. obligations and Biohaven Pharmaceutical Holding Co Ltd. development efforts may be materially harmed .
Many of KINDER MORGAN , INC . operations are regulated by various U.S. and Canadian regulatory bodies and KINDER MORGAN , INC . are subject to legal and regulatory matters as a result of KINDER MORGAN , INC . business operations and transactions .
CHEROKEE INC former license agreement with Target granted Target exclusive rights to the Cherokee brand in various specified categories of merchandise in the United States .
On August 10 , 2013 , Chairman Liu Zhaorong of Harbin HaiXin Biological Fertilizer Co. Ltd , and Chairman Liu Haitao of US Dadi Fertilizer Company , on their way back from Hong Kong , had made a special trip to Chinese Academy of Science Shenyang Institute of Applied Ecology , discussed research issues with the researcher He Suicheng , deputy director of the new fertilizer center , on the development of manufacturing organic fertilizer which can be decomposed , purifying heavy metals and some core elements of contaminated soil bio - organic fertilizer .
Offering include Michael I. Sacks ( $ 1,000,000 ) , the father of Bradley J. Sacks , the Chairman of ULURU Inc. Board of Directors , Centric Capital Ventures , LLC ( $ 19,000 ) , an investment entity controlled by Bradley J. Sacks , Terrance K. Wallberg ( $ 50,000 ) , ULURU Inc. Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , and Daniel G. Moro ( $ 10,000 ) , ULURU Inc. Vice President of Polymer Drug Delivery . October 2015 Offering .
CubeSmart , L.P. s total contribution to HVP related to this portfolio acquisition was $ 5.4 million , bringing its total investment in HVP to $ 16.1 million as of June 30 , 2017 .
To the maximum extent permitted by Applicable Law each of the Buyer and each Seller irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of ( a ) the State of Indiana Hamilton County and ( b ) the United States District Court for the Southern District of Indiana for the purposes of any suit , action or other proceeding arising out of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby .
Mr. Gray currently serves as a director of CommScope , Inc , which is a Carlyle portfolio company , and until October 2010 served as a director of Hawaiian Telecom Communications , Inc.
Pursuant to Section 10.07 of this Agreement , I , Daniel Bober , Executive Vice President of Commercial Mortgage Services do hereby certify that : .
Substantially all of the liquidity attributable to UNITED STATES STEEL CORP foreign subsidiaries can be accessed without the imposition of income taxes as a result of the election effective December 31 , 2013 to liquidate for U.S. income tax purposes a foreign subsidiary that holds most of UNITED STATES STEEL CORP international operations .
Costs associated with generating Neff Corp parts and service revenues increased 6.6 % to $ 8.2 million for the year ended December 31 , 2014 from $ 7.7 million for the year ended December 31 , 2013 due primarily to increased fuel and repair costs .
On February 12 , 2016 ( Closing Date ) , Protagenic Acquisition Corp , a wholly - owned subsidiary of the Company ( which at the time was named Atrinsic , Inc. ) , merged ( the Merger ) with and into Prior Protagenic .
As of June 30 , 2017 , CAI International , Inc.
As a result of UNITED THERAPEUTICS Corp settlements with Sandoz , Teva , Par and Dr. Reddy s , UNITED THERAPEUTICS Corp expect to see generic competition for Remodulin from these companies in the United States beginning in June 2018 ( Sandoz ) and December 2018 ( Teva , Par and Dr. Reddy s ) ( or earlier under certain circumstances ) .
On March 27 , 2017 , the Bank received confirmation from the FDIC that effective March 23 , 2017 , the FDIC terminated the FDIC Consent Order .
The increase in selling , general and administrative expenses was principally due to an increase in consulting and professional fees ( principally executive consulting , legal and other administrative arrangements ) of approximately $ 495 , an increase in ExOne Co provision for bad debts from customers ( a net provision of approximately $ 132 during the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , compared to net recoveries of approximately $ 271 during the six months ended June 30 , 2016 ) , an impairment of intangible assets of approximately $ 269 during the quarter ended March 31 , 2017 , in connection with ExOne Co plan to exit ExOne Co non - core specialty machining operations at ExOne Co Chesterfield , Michigan facility , an increase in employee - related costs ( salaries , equity - based compensation and related benefits ) associated with ExOne Co investment in ExOne Co commercial leadership team , and an increase in selling costs ( promotional expenses , trade show activities and sales commissions on 3D printing machine sales ) .
As of March 31 , 2017 , Spectra Energy Partners , LP owned a 50 % interest in Sabal Trail , a joint venture that is constructing a natural gas pipeline to transport natural gas to Florida .
Ferrellgas Partners , L.P. ( Ferrellgas Partners ) was formed on April 19 , 1994 , and is a publicly traded limited partnership , owning an approximate 99 % limited partner interest in Ferrellgas , L.P. ( the " operating partnership " ) .
Included in those transactions and representing $ 80.4 million of FBR & Co. capital raising revenue were six sole - managed institutional private placements .
MEDALLION FINANCIAL CORP s analysis includes factors such as various regulatory restrictions that were established at Medallion Bank s inception , by the FDIC and State of Utah , and also by additional regulatory restrictions , such as the prior moratorium imposed by the Dodd - Frank Act on the acquisition of control of an industrial bank by a commercial firm ( a Page 9 of 94 .
These shares were freely tradable as of December 31 , 2014 ; however , at certain times in the past , these shares may have been subject to black - out periods as a result of Michael Moe s previous position as a director of both 2U , Inc. and Cricket Media .
Mr. Layman has served in multiple roles at TSG since 2009 , including most recently as Principal , and is responsible for conducting due diligence for new business opportunities , structuring transactions and working with TSG s partner companies across consumer and retail industries .
Beginning in March 2016 , several class action complaints were filed in the U.S. District Courts for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania and the District of Rhode Island against us and certain of Endo International plc subsidiaries , including PPI , and other manufacturers seeking compensatory and punitive or treble damages , as well as injunctive relief , and alleging that certain marketing and pricing practices regarding digoxin and doxycycline violated federal and/or state antitrust laws and/or gave rise to state consumer protection and/or unjust enrichment claims .
Blackstone Group L.P. may also experience fluctuations in Blackstone Group L.P. results , including Blackstone Group L.P. revenue and net income , from quarter to quarter due to a number of other factors , including changes in the values of Blackstone Group L.P. funds investments , changes in the amount of distributions , dividends or interest paid in respect of investments , changes in Blackstone Group L.P. operating expenses , the degree to which Blackstone Group L.P. encounter competition and general economic and market conditions .
Elizabeth Arden - The Elizabeth Arden segment markets , distributes and sells fragrances , skin care and color cosmetics to prestige retailers , specialty stores , the mass retail channel , distributors , perfumeries , department stores , boutiques , travel retailers and other retailers in the U.S. and internationally , as well as direct sales to consumers via its Elizabeth Arden Red Door branded retail stores , Elizabeth Arden.com e - commerce business and Elizabeth Arden Red Door spa beauty salons and spas under brands such as Skin Illuminating , SUPERSTART , Prevage , Eight Hour Cream , Elizabeth Arden Ceramide and Visible Difference in the Elizabeth Arden skin care brands ; Elizabeth Arden Red Door , Elizabeth Arden 5th Avenue , Elizabeth Arden Green Tea and UNTOLD in Elizabeth Arden fragrances ; Juicy Couture , John Varvatos and Wildfox Couture in designer fragrances ; and Curve , Elizabeth Taylor , Britney Spears , Christina Aguilera , Halston , Ed Hardy , Geoffrey Beene , Alfred Sung , Giorgio Beverly Hills , Lucky Brand , PS Fine Cologne for Men , White Shoulders and Jennifer Aniston in heritage fragrances .
Mr. Kruger became a director of Greystone on January 4 , 2002 , served as President and Chief Executive Officer from January 10 , 2003 to August 15 , 2005 and , most recently , has served as President and Chief Executive Officer from November 18 , 2006 to the present .
On May 20 , 2016 , the Board of Directors of Aladdin International Inc. ( Company ) accepted the resignation of Mr. Kai Ming Zhao as the Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , President , Secretary , and Treasurer of ALADDIN INTERNATIONAL INC /MN/ , effective immediately after the election of Mr. Qinghua Chen to the Board of Directors as described below and the filing of this Form 8 - K. Mr. Zhou s resignation as an officer does not result from any disagreement with ALADDIN INTERNATIONAL INC /MN/ , its management , or the Board of Directors , on any matter relating to ALADDIN INTERNATIONAL INC /MN/ s operations , policies or practices .
These include , among others , ( i ) volatility and other potential changes in economic conditions in the region , ( ii ) managing a local workforce and overcoming other practical barriers , such as language and cultural differences , that may subject NETLIST INC to uncertainties or unfamiliar practices or regulatory policies , ( iii ) risks imposed by the geographic distance between NETLIST INC s headquarters and its PRC operations , including difficulties maintaining the desired amount of control over production capacity and timing , inventory levels , product quality , delivery schedules , manufacturing yields and costs , ( iv ) NETLIST INC s limited experience creating and overseeing foreign operations generally , ( v ) changes in the laws and policies of the Chinese government that affect business practices generally or restrict local operations by foreign companies , and ( vi ) changes in the laws and policies of the U.S. government regarding the conduct of business in foreign countries generally or in the PRC in particular , which may be more uncertain following the results of the 2016 U.S. presidential election .
Since the Separation , WestRock Co have not beneficially owned any shares of Ingevity common stock and Ingevity has been an independent public company trading under the symbol NGVT on the New York Stock Exchange .
Barry Diller Chairman and Senior Executive .
The assets and liabilities for PAR TECHNOLOGY CORP s international operations are translated into U.S. dollars using year - end exchange rates .
On July 20 , 2017 , through a wholly owned subsidiary , RW HOLDINGS NNN REIT , INC . acquired a 51,800 square foot industrial property in Richmond , VA , which it leases to Neighborcare Pharmacy of Virginia , LLC , a wholly owned subsidiary of Omnicare , Inc , a wholly owned subsidiary of CVS Health Corporation ( Omnicare ) .
Les M. Taeger Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
Organization Third Point Reinsurance Ltd. ( together with its wholly and majority owned subsidiaries , Third Point Re or the Company ) was incorporated under the laws of Bermuda on October 6 , 2011 .
Edwin W. Hortman , Jr. Edwin W. Hortman , Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer . ( principal executive officer ) .
In addition , ECO SCIENCE SOLUTIONS , INC . s Chief Executive Officer , Mr. Michael J. Borkowski , on behalf of ECO SCIENCE SOLUTIONS , INC , entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with ECO SCIENCE SOLUTIONS , INC . s controlling shareholder , and former President , Ms. Christine Buchanan - McKenzie , whereby ECO SCIENCE SOLUTIONS , INC . would purchase one hundred percent ( 100 % ) , or 240,000 shares , of ECO SCIENCE SOLUTIONS , INC . s common shares owned by Mrs. Buchanan - McKenzie , at par value $ .0001 , and representing approximately 54.1 % of ECO SCIENCE SOLUTIONS , INC . s total issued and outstanding shares .
In October 2003 , Emmaus Medical , LLC undertook a merger reorganization with Emmaus Medical , Inc , which was originally incorporated in September 2003 .
Some of the PRC laws and regulations governing Cellular Biomedicine Group , Inc. business operations in China are vague and their official interpretation and enforcement may involve substantial uncertainty .
Mr. Steger previously served on the board of directors of International Seaways Inc. ( NYSE : INSW ) from November 2016 to June 2017 , where he served on that board s Audit Committee and its Corporate Governance Risk Assessment Committee .
LIQTECH INTERNATIONAL INC also sell LIQTECH INTERNATIONAL INC products through offices and agents in several key countries such as China , Spain , UK , Korea , France , Italy and Brazil , and LIQTECH INTERNATIONAL INC have established customer relations in more than 25 countries .
On April 1 , 2014 , the Wells Credit Agreement was amended ( Amended Wells Credit Agreement ) to increase POWER SOLUTIONS INTERNATIONAL , INC . revolving line of credit from $ 75.0 million to $ 90.0 million .
Mr. Burrell has served on TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC board since TIDELANDS BANCSHARES INC s formation and has been a resident of the Charleston area for over 35 years .
Gregory B. Graves has served as ENTEGRIS INC Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since July 2008 .
Current and future conflicts and political , economic and/or military conditions in Israel and the Middle East region may affect ONLINE DISRUPTIVE TECHNOLOGIES , INC . operations in Israel .
As of June 30 , 2017 , BLACK HILLS CORP /SD/ no longer have derivatives within BLACK HILLS CORP /SD/ corporate activities as BLACK HILLS CORP /SD/ interest rate swaps matured in January 2017 .
OHI Healthcare Properties Limited Partnership operating revenues for the three months ended September 30 , 2017 totaled $ 219.6 million , a decrease of $ 5.0 million over the same period in 2016 .
7.5 % Notes On July 11 , 2011 , Clean Energy Fuels Corp. entered into a loan agreement ( the " CHK Agreement " ) with Chesapeake NG Ventures Corporation ( " Chesapeake " ) , an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Chesapeake Energy Corporation , whereby Chesapeake agreed to purchase from Clean Energy Fuels Corp. up to $ 150,000 of debt securities pursuant to the issuance of three convertible promissory notes over a three -year period , each having a principal amount of $ 50,000 ( each a " CHK Note " and collectively the " CHK Notes " and .
Recent federal activity includes President Trump 's establishing a commission to make recommendations regarding new laws and policies to combat opioid addiction and abuse ; Mallinckrodt 's $ 35 million settlement with the Justice Department regarding allegations that PERNIX THERAPEUTICS HOLDINGS , INC . failed to report signs that large quantities of its highly addictive oxycodone pills were diverted to the black market in Florida ; and the FDA 's announced intention to extend to immediate - release opioids the Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy , or REMS , currently imposed on extended - release opioids , such as Zohydro ER .
Changes in McEwen Mining Inc. s investment in MSC for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 and year ended December 31 , 2016 are as follows : .
Certain of DENBURY RESOURCES INC operations in North Dakota , Montana and Wyoming , including the construction of CO 2 pipelines , the drilling of new wells and production from existing wells , are conducted in areas subject to extreme weather conditions , including severe cold , snow and rain , which conditions may cause such operations to be hindered or delayed , or otherwise require that they be conducted only during non - winter months , and depending on the severity of the weather , could have a negative effect on DENBURY RESOURCES INC results of operations in these areas .
Alliant Energy , IPL and WPL currently do not expect to make any significant federal income tax payments through 2021 based on their current federal net operating loss and credit carryforward positions and future amounts of bonus depreciation expected to be claimed on Alliant Energy s U.S. federal income tax returns for calendar years 2015 through 2020 .
Exhibit 32.2 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Universal Health Services , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Steve Filton , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of UNIVERSAL HEALTH SERVICES INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , and to the best of my knowledge , that : ( 1 )
Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. ordinary shares have been listed on the NASDAQ under the symbol AFH since February 12 , 2013 and were previously listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange - Venture ( " TSXV " ) under the same symbol beginning January 6 , 2011 .
Mr. Spitzer has also served as the Chairman of Strategic Realty Trust , Inc. board of directors and the Co - Chair of the Audit Committee since January 2014 .
Mr. Gluski is also Chairman of the Americas Society / Council of the Americas , and Director of the Edison Electric Institute and the US - Philippines Society .
For the year ended December 31 , 2016 , Gaming Partners International CORP . revenues were $ 82.1 million , an increase of $ 3.9 million , or 5.0 % , compared to revenues of $ 78.2 million in 2015 .
As MPT Operating Partnership , L.P. operations have expanded internationally where the U.S. dollar is not the denominated currency , currency exchange rate fluctuations could affect MPT Operating Partnership , L.P. results of operations and financial position .
If Mr. O Leary employment is terminated by HLKD ( unless such termination is For Cause as defined in his employment agreement ) , then upon signing a general waiver and release , Mr. O Leary will be entitled to receive his base salary and HealthLynked Corp shall maintain his employee benefits for a period of twelve ( 12 ) months beginning on the date of termination .
Mr. Feng Li , the husband of Mrs. Hong Ba , is the owner of the Canada Airchn Financial Inc. ( CAFI ) .
On January 30 , 2017 , CRA acquired substantially all of the assets and assumed certain liabilities of C1 Consulting LLC , an independent consulting firm , and its wholly own subsidiary C1 Associates ( collectively , " C1 " ) for initial consideration comprised of cash and CRA restricted common stock .
Thomas J. Fordonski , Senior Vice President , Human Resources , age 64 Mr. Fordonski joined us in August 2007 as Vice President of Human Resources and was promoted to Senior Vice President of Human Resources in January 2010 .
Pace Holdings Corp. business activities from Inception through December 31 , 2016 consisted solely of completing Pace Holdings Corp.
On January 11 , 2016 , HYPERDYNAMICS CORP filed legal actions against HYPERDYNAMICS CORP partners under the Joint Operating Agreement governing the oil and gas exploration rights offshore Guinea ( JOA ) in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas and before the AAA against Tullow , a wholly owned subsidiary of Tullow Oil , PLC and Dana , a wholly owned subsidiary of the Korean National Oil Company , for their failure to meet their obligations under the JOAC .
eMagin Corporation was created through the merger of Fashion Dynamics Corporation ( FDC ) , which was organized on January 23 , 1996 under the laws of the State of Nevada , and FED Corporation ( FED ) , a developer and manufacturer of optical systems and microdisplays for use in the electronics industry .
WWEShop revenues increased by $ 1.7 million , or 8 % , in the current year period compared to the prior year period , primarily due to a 6 % increase in the average revenue per order to $ 46.12 and a 2 % increase in the volume of online merchandise orders to 503,700 orders .
Financial instruments that may potentially subject InspireMD , Inc. to a concentration of credit risk consist of cash and cash equivalents , which are deposited in major financially sound institutions in the U.S , Israel and Germany , and trade accounts receivable .
In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the quarter ended September 30 , 2017 ( the Report ) of United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund , LP ( the Registrant ) , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof , I , John P. Love , the President and Chief Executive Officer of United States Commodity Funds LLC , General Partner of the Registrant , hereby certify , to the best of my knowledge , that : .
During 2013 , GREEN ENVIROTECH HOLDINGS CORP . entered into an agreement with Black Lion Oil Limited ( Black Lion ) whose primary focus is on emerging energy technology with broad applications .
President and Chief Executive Officer Loren Jarrett .
KATHRYN M. JOHNBULL Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer December 12 , 2017 Kathryn M. JohnBull .
Ambient Water Corporation , formerly AWG International Water Corporation , ( the Company or Ambient ) was organized in the State of Nevada on December 19 , 2005 as MIP Solutions , Inc.
Although EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC operate an integrated magnetic fabrication line located in Chandler , Arizona , EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC purchase wafers from third parties and outsource the manufacturing , packaging , assembly and testing of EVERSPIN TECHNOLOGIES INC products to third - party foundries and assembly and testing service providers .
Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $ 0.2 million for the three months ended December 31 , 2015 as compared to $ 0.3 million for the comparable prior - year period , both the result of allocated net income recorded by Castle Brands Inc 60 % owned subsidiary , GCP .
Financing activities during fiscal 2016 consisted of $ 1,875,000 in proceeds from the sale of convertible notes , $ 2,391,000 in proceeds from Modern Round Entertainment Corp related party secured revolving line of credit , and $ 288,550 in net proceeds from the exercise by VirTra of a warrant to purchase shares of Modern Round Entertainment Corp common stock .
I , Michael A. Reisner , Co - Chief Executive Officer and Co - President of ICON Capital , LLC , the Manager of the Registrant , in connection with the Annual Report of ICON Leasing Fund Eleven , LLC ( the LLC ) on Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Annual Report ) , certify , pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
In connection with the Annual Report of Ambient Water Corporation , ( the Company ) on Form 10 - K for the period ending December 31 , 2015 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Keith White , Principal Accounting Officer of Ambient Water Corp , certify , pursuant to 81 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
In the third quarter of 2015 , and in conjunction with Hatteras Financial Corp acquisition of Pingora , Hatteras Financial Corp began investing in MSR .
SG A expenses within JetPay Corp JetPay HR Payroll Segment increased from $ 4.8 million in 2015 to $ 5.4 million in 2016 , an increase of approximately $ 608,000 , or 12.7 % , largely due to an increase in payroll costs as additional sales and technology professionals were added to help develop new products and services and execute JetPay Corp HCM revenue growth strategies .
Eric M. Margolin Eric M. Margolin Executive Vice President , General Counsel and Corporate Secretary .
LLC s trends are described in NRG YIELD LLC s May 9 , 2017 Form 8 - K in Item 7 , Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Trends Affecting Results of Operations and Future Business Performance .
As of September 30 , 2017 , the fair value of KCAP Financial , Inc. s investment in Joint venture was $ 36.6 million .
Executive Employment Agreement , dated October 2 , 2015 , by and between Power Solutions International , Inc. and Michael P. Lewis ( incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8 - K dated and filed with the Commission on October 6 , 2015 ) .
Mr. Batinovich has served as an independent director of Sunstone Hotel Investors ( SHO : NYSE ) , a public REIT that invests in hotel properties , since November 2011 , and as an independent director of RAIT Financial Trust ( RAS : NYSE ) , a public REIT that provides debt financing options to owners of commercial real estate and invests directly into commercial real estate , since March 2013 .
On November 28 , 2012 , plaintiff City of Dearborn Heights Act 345 Police Fire Retirement System filed a lawsuit against Align , Thomas M. Prescott ( Mr. Prescott ) , Align s former President and Chief Executive Officer , and Kenneth B. Arola ( Mr. Arola ) , Align s former Vice President , Finance and Chief Financial Officer , in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of ALIGN TECHNOLOGY INC common stock ( the Securities Action ) .
In order to manufacture NeoCart , HISTOGENICS CORP operate HISTOGENICS CORP own cGMP manufacturing facility in Waltham , Massachusetts for production of NeoCart .
On August 14 , 2014 , 25,000,000 shares of Lumiox Inc. 's common stock were issued to Michael Paul Jarvie , an officer of LUMIOX , INC , at the price of $ 0.001 per share ( a total of $ 25,000 ) .
BASIS OF PRESENTATION On January 19 , 2012 ( the Petition Date ) , Eastman Kodak Company ( EKC or the Company ) and its U.S. subsidiaries ( collectively , the Debtors ) filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code ( the Bankruptcy Code ) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York ( the Bankruptcy Court ) .
Prior to joining PIONEER NATURAL RESOURCES CO , Mr. Kleinman was Vice President and General Counsel of Inet Technologies , Inc , a communications software provider , from 2000 until its acquisition in 2004 , and Assistant General Counsel of Sterling Software , Inc , a computer software provider , from 1996 until its acquisition in 2000 .
Reconciliations : Because acquisitions occurring after December 31 , 2015 ( the acquired assets ) have contributed to LAMAR MEDIA CORP / DE net revenue results for the periods presented , LAMAR MEDIA CORP / DE provide 2016 acquisition - adjusted net revenue , which adjusts LAMAR MEDIA CORP / DE 2016 net revenue for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 by adding to or subtracting from it the net revenue generated by the acquired or divested assets prior to LAMAR MEDIA CORP / DE acquisition or divestiture of these assets for the same time frame that those assets were owned in the three months ended March 31 , 2017 .
Blackstone Group L.P. have representatives on P tria s board of directors in proportion to Blackstone Group L.P. ownership , but Blackstone Group L.P. do not control the day - to - day management of the firm or the investment decisions of their funds , all of which continues to reside with the local Brazilian partners .
Key factors that Mr. Schwarzman considered in making such determination with respect to Mr. James were his service as President and Chief Operating Officer , his role in overseeing the growth and operations of the firm , and his leadership on the strategic direction of the firm generally .
Douglas W. Busk Name : Douglas W. Busk Title : Senior Vice President and Treasurer .
Inc. Global Solutions business , operating income increased by $ 7.2 million , or 48.7 % , to $ 21.9 million in 2014 from $ 14.7 million in 2013 , and decreased as a percentage of Global Solutions revenues to 7.0 % in 2014 from 9.6 % in 2013 , primarily as a result of the factors above .
On June 7 , 2017 , William Austin Lewis ( Lewis ) , Lewis Asset Management ( Lewis Asset ) , Lewis Opportunity Fund LP ( Lewis Opportunity Fund ) , and William A. Lewis Defined Pension Plan and Trust ( Lewis Defined Pension Plan and Trust ) filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York , against the Company , Conrad F. Mir ( Mir ) , Peter Brennan ( Brennan ) Rustin Howard ( Howard ) , and Carl O Connell ( O Connell ) ( collectively , Defendants ) .
On February 22 , 2017 , Broadcom Cayman L.P. announced Broadcom Cayman L.P. agreement to sell a portion of Brocade s IP Networking business , including the Ruckus Wireless and ICX Switch businesses , to ARRIS International plc for cash consideration of $ 800 million , plus the additional cost of unvested assumed employee stock awards .
Sales and Distribution Apollo Endosurgery , Inc. currently market and sell Apollo Endosurgery , Inc. products principally to providers of medical services and procedures including hospitals , outpatient surgical centers , clinics and physicians through an employee sales force in the United States , Brazil , Canada , Australia and key markets in Europe .
As part of the SKS Acquisition , Ohr retained the 10 SKS employees and continued the SKS operations at the SKS research laboratory facility in San Diego , CA .
In June 2013 , SAN DIEGO GAS & ELECTRIC CO recorded a $ 200 million pretax loss from plant closure related to SDG E s investment in SONGS .
FIRST HAWAIIAN , INC . Commercial Banking segment includes FIRST HAWAIIAN , INC . corporate banking , residential and commercial real estate loans , commercial lease financing , auto dealer financing , deposit products and credit cards that FIRST HAWAIIAN , INC . provide primarily to middle market and large companies in Hawaii , Guam , Saipan and California .
Susan Etzel Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer ) .
Although Nemaura Medical Inc. have entered into an employment agreement with Dr. Chowdhury , there is no assurance that he will remain in Nemaura Medical Inc. employ for the entire term of such employment agreement .
Common Stock Commitments On May 27 , 2016 , PREMIER BIOMEDICAL INC entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Redwood Management , LLC , pursuant to which PREMIER BIOMEDICAL INC agreed to sell , and Redwood , or its assigns , agreed to purchase , up to Two Million Dollars ( $ 2,000,000 ) of PREMIER BIOMEDICAL INC common stock .
Mr. Zelibor previously served as Non - Executive Chair of the Board of Directors of Lightwave Logic , Inc. Company since October 2011 , and has served as a director of Lightwave Logic , Inc. Company since July 2008 .
As of September 30 , 2017 MEDALLION FINANCIAL CORP investment in Medallion Bank was 51.1 % of MEDALLION FINANCIAL CORP RIC assets , which would make us ineligible to file as a RIC for 2017 .
Exhibit 10.1 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed February 25 , 2016 .
Based on the foregoing , the Board has determined that Mr. Davis is a financial expert in accordance with SEC rules .
On December 28 , 2016 , GUIDED THERAPEUTICS INC entered into a securities purchase agreement with RedDiamond Partners LLC for the issuance and sale to RedDiamond of up to $ 330,000 in aggregate principal amount of 10 % original issuance discount convertible promissory notes , for an aggregate purchase price of $ 300,000 .
Pursuant to Section 11.12 of this Agreement , I , Daniel Bober , Executive Vice President of Commercial Mortgage Services do hereby certify that : .
Mr. Barker has been with Helpful Alliance Co Company since May 2015 , when he joined as Investor Relations Manager .
In addition , Jefferies Group LLC increased the reserve related to loan losses on unfunded commitments by $ 1.5 million , $ 0.1 million and $ 0.4 million during the years ended November 30 , 2016 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively .
XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP financing activities used $ 8,518,000 for the nine months ended December 31 , 2015 , primarily due to net repayments of XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP bank indebtedness of $ 9,098,000 , partially offset by from the issuance of shares of XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP common stock related to the exercise of stock options and for the issuance of XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP common stock through XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP employee stock purchase plan of $ 580,000 .
Daniel Draper ( 47 ) has been a Member of the Board of Managers of the Managing Owner since September 2013 .
In March 2017 , 100.0 % of the equity interests in SE 25 were transferred to TERRAFORM GLOBAL , INC . Termination of Renova - ESPRA On March 29 , 2016 , TERRAFORM GLOBAL , INC . entered into a Termination Agreement ( the Termination Agreement ) with Renova with respect to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated July 15 , 2015 among TERRAFORM GLOBAL , INC , SunEdison and Renova relating to the ESPRA hydro - electric power plant ( the ESPRA SPA ) .
Orbital Tracking Corp. intend to establish a compensation committee of the Board of Directors once Orbital Tracking Corp. have satisfied the other initial listing standards for listing Orbital Tracking Corp. common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market or another national exchange .
Of this amount , Charles F. Dolan , a director and the father of James L. Dolan , the Executive Chairman , and his spouse control approximately 50.5 % of MSG NETWORKS INC . outstanding Class B Common Stock , approximately 1.2 % of MSG NETWORKS INC . outstanding Class A Common Stock and approximately 35.2 % of the total voting power of all MSG NETWORKS INC . outstanding common stock .
Dr. Stoll is The Anne Marie and Thomas B. Walker , Jr , Professor of Finance , Emeritus at the Owen Graduate School of Management , Vanderbilt University and founder of the Financial Markets Research Center .
Mr. Walker is also the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of LINN Energy and has served in such capacity since January 2011 .
ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES , INC . are highly dependent on the services of : ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES , INC . Chief Executive Officer and President , Derek A. Small ; ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES , INC . Chief Scientific Officer , Richard J. Colonno , Ph.D. ; ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES , INC . Chief Scientific Officer - Microbiome and Head of Microbiome Program , Miguel S. Barbosa , Ph.D. ; ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES , INC . Chief Medical Officer and Vice President of Research and Development , Uri Lopatin , M.D. ; ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES , INC . Chief Development Officer , Thomas E. Rollins ; and ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES , INC . Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer , David J. Barrett . ASSEMBLY BIOSCIENCES , INC . employment agreements with Mr. Small , Dr. Lopatin , Dr. Colonno , Dr. Barbosa , Mr. Rollins and Mr. Barrett do not ensure their retention .
NEKTAR THERAPEUTICS Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements are denominated in U.S. dollars .
PUNTO GROUP , CORP . net loss for the six - month period ended June 30 , 2017 was $ 19,480 compared to a loss of $ 3,364 during the six - month period ended June 30 , 2016 .
Super Micro Computer , Inc. use several suppliers and contract manufacturers to design and manufacture components in accordance with Super Micro Computer , Inc. specifications , with most final assembly and testing performed at Super Micro Computer , Inc. manufacturing facility in San Jose , California .
To the extent the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies , the translation of these foreign currencies denominated transactions results in reduced revenue , operating expenses and net income for KINGOLD JEWELRY , INC . international operations .
Headquartered in San Jose , California , Hoopla provides cloud - based software that helps sales organizations inspire and motivate sales team performance .
NUVASIVE INC IOM services and support business is operated through NUVASIVE INC subsidiary , Impulse Monitoring , Inc , or Impulse Monitoring , which is located in Columbia , Maryland .
At June 30 , 2017 , Wright Investors Service Holdings , Inc. had cash and cash equivalents totaling $ 6,507,000 , which it intends to use to acquire interests in one or more operating businesses and to fund Wright Investors Service Holdings , Inc. s operating activities .
Mr. Acosta s currently serves as Line Up Advertisement , Inc. principal executive officer and sole director .
Mr. Kramer joined ATMI in 2010 and , through 2012 , served as Senior Vice President of ATMI Material Solutions .
Scott M. Storer , Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer .
KEVIN REDDY Kevin Reddy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer .
SEAFARER EXPLORATION CORP s losses from operations were $ 674,936 for the year ended December 31 , 2016 and $ 1,057,364 for the year ended December 31 , 2015 .
In July 2016 , certain shareholders of HAMMER FIBER OPTICS HOLDINGS CORP contributed 9,291,670 restricted shares of their common stock to HAMMER FIBER OPTICS HOLDINGS CORP s wholly - owned subsidiary , Hammer Wireless Corporation , for the purpose of effecting acquisitions , joint ventures or other business combinations with third parties .
Unless additional demand from exports or discretionary or E85 blending develops , the November final rule could result in a significant decrease in ethanol demand , and corresponding reduction in the market price for ethanol , and could have a material adverse effect on Granite Falls Energy , LLC results of operations , cash flows and financial condition .
For 2016 periods , the table also presents the average price per share to the adjusted book value per share , including the estimated gain from the Sirius Group sale of $ 89 per share as of March 31 , 2016 that was reported in WHITE MOUNTAINS INSURANCE GROUP LTD s Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2016 .
Since 2010 , Wowio , Inc. have broadened Wowio , Inc. operational focus to include the services of a digital media studio , which operates as StudioW , and in September 2012 , Wowio , Inc. formed Carthay , a digital publishing entity , for the purpose of identifying and acquiring unpublished content for exploitation and brand - building across the digital and traditional media landscape .
In connection with this Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q of Public Service Company of New Hampshire ( the registrant ) for the period ending March 31 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ( the Report ) , CONNECTICUT LIGHT & POWER CO , James J. Judge , Chairman of the registrant , and Philip J. Lembo , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the registrant , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Sec .
Pursuant to the Agreement , each holder of shares or notes convertible into shares of Albireo Limited received newly issued shares of Biodel common stock and Albireo Limited became a wholly owned subsidiary of Biodel ( the Transaction ) .
The Partnership shall not be permitted to use the BLACKSTONE name and service mark without the prior written consent of TM .
In addition , Mr. Tavakoli served as the Executive Chairman of AFG s wholly owned subsidiary , Ambac Assurance Corporation , or AAC , from January 1 , 2015 to May 7 , 2016 , and served as a member of the audit committee and chairman of the compensation committee of AFG and AAC from May 2013 until December 2014 .
Gregory T. Mount Gregory T. Mount President and Chief Executive Officer ( Principal Executive Officer ) .
Hatteras Financial Corp typically want to own a higher percentage of Fannie Mae ARMs , than Freddie Mac ARMs as Fannie Mae has better cash flow to the security holder because Fannie Mae pays principal and interest sooner after accrual ( 54 days ) as compared to Freddie Mac ( 75 days ) .
Mr. Breslow resigned as a director in March 2017 .
For example , CMS began bundling the Medicare payments for certain laboratory tests ordered while a patient received services in a hospital outpatient setting .
Essent Guaranty has a capital maintenance agreement with Essent PA under which Essent Guaranty agreed to contribute funds , under specified conditions , to maintain Essent PA 's risk - to - capital ratio at or below 25.0 to 1 in return for a surplus note .
ALIMERA SCIENCES INC are highly dependent upon the principal members of ALIMERA SCIENCES INC management team , including C. Daniel Myers , ALIMERA SCIENCES INC Chief Executive Officer , Richard Eiswirth , ALIMERA SCIENCES INC President and Chief Financial Officer , Philip Ashman , Ph . D , ALIMERA SCIENCES INC EEA Senior Vice President and EEA Managing Director , Dave Holland , ALIMERA SCIENCES INC Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing and Kenneth Green , Ph . D , ALIMERA SCIENCES INC Senior Vice President , Chief Scientific Officer and Global Head of Research and Development .
Interactive Brokers Group , Inc. consolidated equity increased 3 % to $ 5.3 billion as of December 31 , 2015 from $ 5.2 billion as of December 31 , 2014 .
AxoGen products will be subject to E.U. member states regulations that govern the donation , procurement , testing , coding , traceability , processing , preservation , storage , and distribution of human tissues and cells and cellular or tissue - based products .
In light of such denial , ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN , LLC increased ICON LEASING FUND ELEVEN , LLC accrual to $ 5,350,503 during the year ended December 31 , 2014 , which is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets .
Effective on the closing of the AEON Acquisition , Ian Bonnet , Todd A. Borus and J. David Luce resigned from their positions as directors of AHC and all of its affiliated entities and Mr. Bonnet also resigned as Chief Executive Officer and President of AUTHENTIDATE HOLDING CORP and from all other officer positions of AUTHENTIDATE HOLDING CORP and all its affiliated entities .
CONCHO RESOURCES INC is , and has at all times since its formation been and through the Closing will be , classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes , and ( ii ) each of CONCHO RESOURCES INC s Subsidiaries is , and has at all times since its formation been and through the Closing will be , classified as an entity disregarded as separate from CONCHO RESOURCES INC for U.S. federal income tax purposes ; .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Westlake Chemical Partners LP ( the " Partnership " ) on Form 10 - Q for the fiscal quarter ended June 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , I , Albert Chao , President , Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Partnership , and I , M. Steven Bender , Executive Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Partnership , certify , to the best of Westlake Chemical Partners LP knowledge , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 )
Simultaneously with this growth of HomeStreet , Inc. banking operations through acquisition , HomeStreet , Inc. have also grown HomeStreet , Inc. mortgage origination operations opportunistically but quickly , opening new primary and satellite offices in Northern and Southern California starting in 2013 , and further expanding HomeStreet , Inc. mortgage origination operations into Arizona beginning in the fourth quarter of 2014 and Central California in the second quarter of 2015 , while also continuing to grow those operations in the Pacific Northwest .
In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report of Park City Group , Inc. ( the " Company " ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , the undersigned , Randall K. Fields , Principal Executive Officer of PARK CITY GROUP INC , certifies , to my best knowledge and belief , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
TSS , Inc. repaid the remaining principal of TSS , Inc. convertible note payable to Gerard J. Gallagher , a director , senior technical advisor and founder of TSS , Inc. in July 2017 .
Corporate tax reform continues to be a priority in the U.S. Changes to the U.S. tax system could have significant effects , positive and negative , on NORTHWESTERN CORP effective tax rate , and on NORTHWESTERN CORP deferred tax assets and liabilities .
In order for us to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and not as an association or publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation , Blackstone Group L.P. must meet the Qualifying Income Exception discussed above on a continuing basis and Blackstone Group L.P. must not be required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act .
The Bank s loans are principally concentrated in certain areas of Maine and adverse economic conditions in those markets could adversely affect BAR HARBOR BANKSHARES operations .
The AICP targets for GCP Applied Technologies Inc. named executive officers , other than Mr. Festa and Mr. Poling , remained the same as in 2014 .
Due to a significant increase in the recent trade prices , the fair value of PROSPECT CAPITAL CORP investment in Speedy increased to $ 21,563 as of December 31 , 2016 , a discount of $ 2,983 from its amortized cost , compared to the $ 6,919 unrealized depreciation recorded at June 30 , 2016 .
For the seven months ended December 31 , 2016 , currency exchange rate fluctuations reduced GLOBAL PAYMENTS INC revenues by $ 35.3 million compared to the prior - year period , calculated by converting revenues for the seven months ended December 31 , 2016 in local currencies using exchange rates for the seven months ended December 31 , 2015 .
All activity through March 31 , 2017 relates to BARINGTON / HILCO ACQUISITION CORP . s formation , its initial public offering , which is described below , and identifying a target company for a Business Combination .
In February 2016 , the Applied Technology Division acquired an interest of approximately 5 % in AgEagle .
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures - Pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-15 , an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of Eaton s management , including Craig Arnold - Principal Executive Officer ; and Richard H. Fearon - Principal Financial Officer , of the effectiveness of the design and operation of Eaton Corp plc 's disclosure controls and procedures .
The investors had a pre - existing , substantive relationship with TripBorn , Inc. executive officers and directors Deepak Sharma and Sachin Mandloi ; .
In addition , KEYW HOLDING CORP provide products and services to U.S. federal , state and local law enforcement agencies - including the Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI)-foreign governments and other entities in the Cyber and Counterterrorism markets .
Prior to joining Adobe , Ms. Lewnes spent 20 years at Intel Corporation , where she was Vice President of Sales and Marketing .
Sale of SEI Asset Korea On July 31 , 2012 , SEI INVESTMENTS CO , MetLife International Holdings , Inc. ( MetLife ) and International Finance Corporation ( IFC ) entered into a definitive agreement with Baring Asset Management Limited ( Barings ) to sell all ownership interest in SEI Asset Korea ( SEI AK ) .
In June 2013 , Hughes Satellite Systems Corp and DISH Network entered into a spectrum development agreement ( the DISH 103 Spectrum Development Agreement ) pursuant to which DISH Network may use and develop the 103 Spectrum Rights .
At KBS Realty Advisors , from 2004 through 2015 , Ms. Yamane was responsible for client accounting / reporting for two real estate portfolios .
Wowio , Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiary Carthay Circle Publishing ( collectively , Wowio , Inc , Wowio , Inc , Wowio , Inc , Wowio ) is an emerging company in the creation , production , distribution and monetization of digital entertainment .
As of December 31 , 2016 , the tangible book value of FBR & Co. company , measured on a per share basis and adjusted for dividends , fell below the 6 % threshold for vesting at the 50 % target level , and therefore , are tracking for 0 % vesting as of fiscal year - end 2016 .
The cash provided by operating activities in 2013 reflects FBR & Co. net operating income for the year , a significant increase in FBR & Co. accrued compensation as well as an increase in FBR & Co. net due to brokers , dealers and clearing organizations .
Certain information and note disclosures normally included in AGRITEK HOLDINGS , INC . s annual financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America have been condensed or omitted .
Net cash used in XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP operating activities was $ 10,782 for the six months ended September 30 , 2017 , as compared to $ 10,488 for the six months ended September 30 , 2016 , an increase of $ 294 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of ICC Holdings , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10- Q for the period ended June 3 0 , 201 7 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Arron K. Sutherland , Chief Executive Officer of ICC Holdings , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
Accordingly , Evercore Inc. recorded an impairment charge in the Investment Banking segment of $ 14.4 million , which is included in Special Charges on the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the nine months ended September 30 , 2017 , resulting in a decrease in its investment in G5 | Evercore to its fair value of $ 11.6 million as of May 31 , 2017 .
Prior to AngioDynamics , Ms. Kucharczyk served as the Focus Factory Manager for the Vascular Therapy division at Covidien ( Medtronic ) .
Mr. Smith joined Stonegate Mortgage in September 2015 as President and Chief Operating Officer and was appointed Chief Executive Officer and President effective April 18 , 2016 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Home Bancorp , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 , each of the undersigned , John W. Bordelon , President and Chief Executive Officer of HOME BANCORP , INC , and Joseph B. Zanco , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of HOME BANCORP , INC , hereby certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : ( 1 )
In each case subject to borrowing base availability , the Amended Revolving Credit Facility is available to : ( i ) Products Corporation in revolving credit loans denominated in U.S. Dollars ; ( ii ) Products Corporation in swing line loans denominated in U.S. Dollars up to $ 30.0 million ; ( iii ) Products Corporation in standby and commercial letters of credit denominated in U.S. Dollars and other currencies up to $ 60.0 million ; and ( iv ) Products Corporation and certain of its international subsidiaries designated from time to time in revolving credit loans and bankers acceptances denominated in U.S. Dollars and other currencies .
On April 17 , 2015 , XPLORE TECHNOLOGIES CORP terminated the ARPA and entered into a new credit agreement in connection with the consummation of the Motion Acquisition .
On April 4 , 2017 , Quaker entered into a share purchase agreement with Gulf Houghton Lubricants , Ltd. to purchase the entire issued and outstanding share capital of Houghton .
In January 2013 , CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . formed Cloud Peak Energy Receivables LLC , a special purpose , bankruptcy - remote wholly - owned subsidiary to purchase , subject to certain exclusions , in a true sale , trade receivables generated by certain of CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . subsidiaries without recourse ( other than customary indemnification obligations for breaches of specific representations and warranties ) , and then transfer undivided interests in up to $ 75 million of those accounts receivable to a financial institution for cash borrowings for CLOUD PEAK ENERGY INC . ultimate benefit .
Prior to joining CFBank in 2012 , Mr. O Dell owned and operated a consulting company specializing in providing advisory services to a number of privately held enterprises in construction , health care , real estate and professional services .
This management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on IDERA PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States .
As of December 31 , 2015 , ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. owned and operated ( under lease agreements ) 12 and managed ( under management agreements ) 15 restaurants and lounges , including ten STKs in major metropolitan cities in the United States and Europe ( of which seven are owned and three managed ) .
TITAN PHARMACEUTICALS INC net loss for the six - month period ended June 30 , 2017 was approximately $ 6.5 million , or approximately $ 0.30 per share , compared to TITAN PHARMACEUTICALS INC net income of approximately $ 10.1 million , or approximately $ 0.50 per share , for the comparable period in 2016 .
Issuance of Units for Berry Acquisition On December 16 , 2013 , LinnCo , LLC completed the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement under which LinnCo , LLC ( LinnCo ) , an affiliate of LINN Energy , acquired all of the outstanding common shares of Berry and the contribution agreement between LinnCo and LinnCo , LLC , under which LinnCo contributed Berry to LinnCo , LLC in exchange for LINN Energy units .
Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar , and the functional currency of Yew Bio - Pharm Group , Inc. operating subsidiaries and VIE is the RMB .
Finally , CARTERS INC International segment consists of income from sales of Carter s , OshKosh and Skip Hop products through retail and online stores outside the United States , primarily through CARTERS INC retail and online stores in Canada and stores operated by CARTERS INC international partners , as well as sales to CARTERS INC international wholesale partners .
Mark Gatto , Co - Chairman , Co - CEO , Co - President and Director , originally joined ICON in 1999 .
As of December 31 , 2015 , the investment closely approximates the underlying equity in the net assets of 255 RC , LLC .
The discussion and analysis of AxoGen , Inc. s financial condition and results of operations is based upon AxoGen , Inc. s consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
If Emergent BioSolutions Inc. can not successfully defend ourselves against future claims that Emergent BioSolutions Inc. products or product candidates caused injuries and if Emergent BioSolutions Inc. are not entitled to indemnity by the U.S. government , or the U.S. government does not honor its obligations to us under the PREP Act or SAFETY Act , or if the indemnification under the PREP Act and SAFETY Act is not adequate to cover all claims , Emergent BioSolutions Inc. may incur substantial liabilities .
Casale also agreed to utilize QSI as its exclusive provider of nanocatalysts for its chemical synthesis processes during the term of the agreement based on QSI s demonstrated increase in catalytic activity and patented high - volume manufacturing process .
Exhibit 10.4 to LSB INDUSTRIES INC s Form 8 - K filed November 16 , 2015 .
These securities were issued to Kevin Nichols , the sole officer and director of Essense Water , Inc. During the year ended August 31 , 2013 , Essense Water , Inc. sold a total of 400,000 shares of common stock at $ 0.025 per share for total proceeds of $ 10,000 .
Lead Director and the Chairman of the Nomination and Corporate Governance and Compensation Committees Mr. Wallace was appointed to Owens Realty Mortgage , Inc. Board of Directors effective July 22 , 2016 following the resignation of Mr. Bates from the Board , and Mr. Wallace serves as a member ( and Chairman ) of Owens Realty Mortgage , Inc. Audit Committee and as a member of Owens Realty Mortgage , Inc. Nomination and Corporate Governance and Compensation Committees .
Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the quarterly period ended March 31 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Gary Macleod , Principal Executive Officer of AlphaPoint Technology , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss . 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
We intend the following discussion to assist in the understanding of Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. financial position and Thunderclap Entertainment , Inc. results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and December 31 , 2014 and for the period from September 10 , 2009 ( inception ) through December 31 , 2015 .
Payment of the fees under the management services agreement is secured through an equity pledge agreement , dated June 4 , 2012 , by and among Sinotop Beijing , YOD WFOE and the sole shareholder of Sinotop Beijing , pursuant to which the sole shareholder of Sinotop Beijing pledged all equity interests in Sinotop Beijing to YOD WFOE .
Because of CYBEROPTICS CORP significant operations in Singapore , CYBEROPTICS CORP costs are negatively impacted when the U.S. dollar weakens relative to the Singapore dollar .
TIMBERLAND BANCORP INC s Board of Directors has designated Director Stoney as the Audit Committee financial expert , as defined in the SEC s Regulation S - K. Directors Stoney , Smith , Goldberg and Davis are independent as that term is used in Item 7(c ) of Schedule 14A promulgated under the Exchange Act .
Effective September 30 , 2015 , Spectrum Technical fully redeemed its investment in Blackwater Master Fund .
Yun Zhu , holder of 5 % equity ownership in Sinotop Beijing and a party to certain VIE arrangements between YOD WFOE and Sinotop Beijing , is the Vice President of SSS , a significant .
Total units issued to LinnCo included 40,938 ( approximately $ 1 million ) of Berry equity awards that vested and were converted to LinnCo common shares on the Berry acquisition date and included in total consideration .
Good reason generally means : ( a ) a diminution in duties or seniority , ( b ) requiring the executive to relocate more than 50 miles from Chicago , ( c ) in the case of Mr. Richman , not re - electing him as a director , or ( d ) in the case of a named executive officer other than Mr. Richman , reducing base salary or target annual bonus opportunity ( other than a proportionate reduction applicable to all executives unless that proportionate reduction occurs within two years of a change of control ) .
TerraForm Power , Inc. entered into a project support agreement with SunEdison in connection with TerraForm Power , Inc. initial public offering ( the " Support Agreement " ) , which required SunEdison to offer us additional qualifying projects from its development pipeline that represented at least $ 175.0 million of cash available for distribution .
The allowance for loan losses was $ 7.6 million at September 30 , 2017 , up from $ 7.1 million at December 31 , 2016 , as Investar Holding Corp increased Investar Holding Corp loan loss provisioning to reflect Investar Holding Corp nonperforming loans and organic loan growth .
Mr. McKeirnan was an associate attorney with the Seattle , Washington law firm of Riddell Williams P.S. from 1995 until 1999 .
Mr. Schell joined UNIT CORP in January 1987 , as its Secretary and General Counsel .
The commitment fees on the credit facilities are 0.10 % of the undrawn commitment amount for the Entergy Arkansas , Entergy Louisiana , and System Energy VIEs .
Mr. Jason Williams will continue as President and CEO of the Shoal Games Ltd. organization and Mr. T. M. Williams , will continue to serve as Executive Chairman .
Southern Company and Southern Power Company increased their borrowing ability under these arrangements to $ 1.25 billion from $ 1.0 billion and to $ 600 million from $ 500 million , respectively .
These hardships include the loss of $ 3,643,000 in cash that is the property of E - WORLD USA HOLDING , INC that is now held in bank accounts in the People s Republic of China and , to a material extent , a decrease in E - World s annual revenue from $ 6,833,768 for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2014 to $ 379,493 for the fiscal year ended December 31 , 2015 .
In June 2015 , FelCor Lodging LP settled the commercial contract dispute and recovered $ 3.7 million ( net of legal costs ) of the expense recorded in 2014 , which FelCor Lodging LP have recorded in other revenue for the year ended December 31 , 2015 .
Under the terms of Protea Biosciences Group , Inc. s Exclusive License Agreement with GWU , as amended , Protea Biosciences Group , Inc. is required to pay interest on amounts that are more than five ( 5 ) business days overdue .
Insys Therapeutics , Inc , which was incorporated in Delaware in June 1990 , and Insys Therapeutics , Inc. subsidiaries ( collectively , Insys Therapeutics , Inc , us , and our ) maintain headquarters in Chandler , Arizona .
Mr. Pappas continues to devote his primary time and business efforts to LUBYS INC while maintaining his role at Pappas Restaurants , Inc. Peter Tropoli , a director of LUBYS INC and LUBYS INC s Chief Operating Officer , and formerly LUBYS INC s Senior Vice President , Administration , General Counsel and Secretary , is an attorney and stepson of Frank Markantonis , who is a director of LUBYS INC . Paulette Gerukos , Vice President of Human Resources of LUBYS INC , is the sister - in - law of Harris J. Pappas , who is a director of LUBYS INC . Note 16 .
In connection with the quarterly report of SQL Technologies Corp. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended June 30 , 2017 , as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , John P. Campi , principal financial officer of SQL Technologies Corp , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to the best of my knowledge and belief : .
Peter Victor Derycz Chief Executive Officer and President , Director .
A summary of significant accounting policies and a description of accounting policies that are considered critical may be found in OFFICE DEPOT INC 2016 Form 10 - K , in Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates section of the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations .
AXIOM HOLDINGS , INC . net loss from operations decreased $ 850 or 4 % during the three months ended December 31 , 2015 .
Corix Bioscience , Inc. was incorporated on December 17 , 2007 under the laws of the State of Nevada .
The following table sets forth information with respect to beneficial ownership of the Common Stock of FNB BANCORP / CA/ by those persons currently serving as directors , as well as all directors and executive officers of FNB Bancorp and its subsidiary , First National Bank of Northern California , a national banking association ( herein called the Bank ) , as a group .
MoSys , Inc. expect SG A expenses to decrease slightly in 2017 , as compared with 2016 , due to the effects of MoSys , Inc. restructuring activity in the second quarter of 2017 , partially offset by increased commission expenses due to expected increases in product revenue .
The allowance for loan losses has been determined in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles , under which Investors Bancorp , Inc. are required to maintain an allowance for probable losses at the balance sheet date .
For the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , cash provided by operations was $ 0.2 million resulting from BLACKLINE , INC . net loss of $ 19.1 million , offset by net non - cash expenses of $ 17.2 million and net cash flow provided by changes in operating assets and liabilities of $ 2.1 million .
Cytosorbents Corp 's consolidated loss before income taxes was $ ( 8,456,344 ) and $ ( 9,707,314 ) for the years ended December 31 , 2015 and 2014 , respectively .
In its notice letter , Actavis alleged that U.S. Patent Nos . 7,375,111 , 7,462,626 , 8,088,786 , 8,318,788 , 8,722,085 , 8,815,889 , and 8,916,195 , which are listed in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations , or the Orange Book , for Contrave , are invalid , unenforceable and/or would not be infringed by Actavis manufacture , use or sale of the product described in its ANDA .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT ability to maintain and meet CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT financial objectives is dependent upon the rates CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT charge CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT customers .
The $ 1.0 billion of IMTT s debt as of the closing date was comprised of $ 512.8 million tax - exempt bonds , $ 486.0 million drawn on its revolving credit facilities and a $ 22.2 million loan from its previous shareholder , the Coleman Trust .
Rather , Fulgent LLC , Xi Long and the members of Fulgent LLC who were party to the transaction determined to complete the transaction consistent with their discussions , notwithstanding that the fair value of the Class D-2 preferred units as evidenced by Fulgent LLC s third - party valuation had increased from the time these discussions were initiated to the time the transaction was completed .
Dear Ms. Quirk : I am pleased to offer you the position of Executive Vice President and General Counsel with the Tennessee Valley Authority ( " TVA " ) in Knoxville , Tennessee effective February 2 , 2015 .
In 2013 , the Board of Directors established an Investment Committee to provide further analysis and guidance in connection with Atlas Financial Holdings , Inc. 's investment activities .
Aramark international operations are subject to risks that are different from those Aramark face in the United States , including the requirement to comply with changing , conflicting and unclear national and local regulatory requirements ; Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , U.K. Bribery Act and other anti - corruption law compliance matters ; potential difficulties in staffing and labor disputes ; differing local labor laws ; managing and obtaining support and distribution for local operations ; credit risk or financial condition of local clients ; potential imposition of restrictions on investments ; potentially adverse tax consequences , including imposition or increase of withholding , VAT and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries ; foreign exchange controls ; and local political and social conditions .
Intersect ENT , Inc. completed Intersect ENT , Inc. initial public offering in July 2014 , and Intersect ENT , Inc. common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol XENT .
Bell Rapids Transmission and Access Agreements means ( a ) the Bell Rapids Transmission and Access Easement Agreement dated May 7 , 2010 , entered into by and between Randy G. Bean , a / k / a Randy Bean , an unmarried man , Randall G. Bean , as Personal Representative of the Estates of Charles Gary Bean , a / k / a Gary Bean and Norma Jean Bean , a / k / a Norma J. Bean , both deceased , and RGB Farms , a partnership , an assumed business name of Randy Bean and Charles Gary Bean , collectively as Grantor and Bell Rapids Electric , LLC , as Grantee , which was recorded on May 28 , 2010 as Instrument No . 2010 - 010811 , records of Twin Falls County , Idaho and on May 28 , 2010 as Instrument No . 414580 , records of Elmore County , Idaho , ( b ) the Bell Rapids Transmission and Access Easement Agreement dated May 5 , 2010 entered into by and between Plateau Farms , LLC , an Idaho limited liability company , as Grantor and Bell Rapids Electric , LLC , as Grantee , which was recorded on May 28 , 2010 as Instrument
For example , Destination Maternity Corp fiscal 2014 ended on September 30 , 2014 .
In connection with the quarterly report of EnSync , Inc. ( the " Company " ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended December 31 , 2015 as filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the " Report " ) , I , James F. Schott , Principal Financial Officer of EnSync , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350 adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
For example , in 2017 Gigamon Inc. expanded Gigamon Inc. operations in , and relocated a significant portion of Gigamon Inc. research and development facility to India and in 2016 completed the transition of Gigamon Inc. primary manufacturing operations , through Jabil , to Mexico .
Dr. Poduska currently serves as a director of EXA Corporation ( NASDAQ : EXA ) , a developer and provider of simulation software systems , where he serves as chairman of the compensation committee and a member of the nominating and governance committee .
Stephen M. Hosmer , President and Chief Financial Officer . ex32-1.htm .
Such distributions are subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a 30 % rate ( or lower rate provided by an applicable treaty ) to the extent of AB Private Credit Investors Corp. current or accumulated earnings and profits unless one of the exceptions discussed below are applicable .
In 2015 , Sempra Energy s natural gas revenues decreased by $ 453 million ( 10 % ) to $ 4.1 billion , and the cost of natural gas decreased by $ 624 million ( 35 % ) to $ 1.1 billion .
Mr. Sauer joined Fluoroware , Inc , a predecessor to Entegris Minnesota in 1988 and held a variety of finance and accounting positions until 2001 when he became the Director of Business Development for Entegris Minnesota , the successor to Fluoroware , serving in that position until the merger with Mykrolis .
This guidance did not have a material impact on MOSAIC CO results of operations , financial position or cash flows in 2015 .
Under this agreement , Dominion will provide SJRG with 5,000 dts / d of deliveries to Leidy , PA and receipts at Lebanon , Ohio .
Information Services revenue for 2016 was $ 29.8 million or 4.2 % of WebMD Health Corp. total revenue , and for 2015 was $ 26.9 million or 4.2 % of WebMD Health Corp. total revenue .
ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. opened ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. first restaurant in January 2004 and as of March 30 , 2016 , ONE Group Hospitality , Inc. owned and operated ( under lease agreements ) 13 and managed ( under management agreements ) 15 restaurants and lounges , including ten STKs in major metropolitan cities in the United States and Europe ( of which seven are owned and three managed ) .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT presently intend to pay quarterly cash dividends in 2016 on March 15 , June 15 , September 15 and December 15 , subject to CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT earnings and financial condition , regulatory requirements and other factors CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT Board of Directors may deem relevant .
On April 6 , 2015 , in consideration for OLS consent to the assignment by HLSS to NRZ of all HLSS right , title and interest in , to and under OCWEN FINANCIAL CORP agreements with HLSS , OCWEN FINANCIAL CORP amended OCWEN FINANCIAL CORP Master Servicing Rights Purchase Agreement and Sale Supplements ( the Amendment ) .
( 4 ) Represents NGP s 49.9 % share of adjusted EBITDA from the Delaware Basin JV , which was formed in August 2016 , Marathon Petroleum s 50 % share of adjusted EBITDA from the Ascension JV , which began operations in April 2017 , and other minor non - controlling interests .
On December 21 , 2016 , the Board , acting on the recommendation of the Committee , approved the APS 2017 Annual Incentive Award Plan ( the APS Plan ) , which includes an incentive award opportunity for Mark A. Schiavoni , Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer , James R. Hatfield , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer , David P. Falck , Executive Vice President and General Counsel and Randall K. Edington , Executive Vice President and Advisor to the Chief Executive Officer .
On July 21 , 2010 , President Obama signed into law the Dodd - Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act ( the Dodd - Frank Act ) .
In addition , ENTEGRIS INC maintain a network of service centers and technology centers located in all key markets internationally and in the United States to support ENTEGRIS INC products and ENTEGRIS INC customers with their advanced development needs .
XOMA Corp principal operations are located in Northern California , including XOMA Corp corporate headquarters in Berkeley , California .
On March 8 , 2012 , ZHEN DING RESOURCES INC . changed ZHEN DING RESOURCES INC . name from Robotech , Inc. to Zhen Ding Resources Inc , in anticipation of the acquisition of Zhen Ding NV .
Compared to Three Months Ended December 31 , 2015 Sales for the three months ended December 31 , 2016 increased 12 % to $ 117,153,000 from $ 104,568,000 in the three months ended December 31 , 2015 partially due to incremental sales of buttons of $ 5,097,000 related to the acquisition of substantially all of the business and net assets of Blumenthal on February 2 , 2016 , and higher sales of Christmas products of $ 4,460,000 , primarily due to retailers who requested that product shipments occur during CSS INDUSTRIES INC third quarter , compared to product shipments that occurred during CSS INDUSTRIES INC second quarter in the prior year .
Alton D. Heckaman , Jr , EVP CFO .
Prior to RadioShack , Mr. Lively served as Chief Financial Officer at
PENN NATIONAL GAMING INC was incorporated in Pennsylvania in 1982 as PNRC Corp. and adopted its current name in 1994 , when PENN NATIONAL GAMING INC became a publicly traded company .
Acquisitions , due to FCC multiple ownership rules , SINCLAIR BROADCAST GROUP INC sold WHTM in Harrisburg / Lancaster / York , PA to Media General in September 2014 for $ 83.4 million , less working capital of $ 0.2 million and the non - license assets of WTAT in Charleston , SC to Cunningham for $ 14.0 million , effective August 1 , 2014 .
In September 2016 , CNXC and its wholly owned subsidiary , CNX Thermal Holdings LLC ( CNX Thermal ) , entered into a Contribution Agreement with CONSOL Energy , CONSOL Pennsylvania Coal Company LLC and Conrhein Coal Company ( the Contributing Parties ) under which CNX Thermal acquired an additional 5 % undivided interest in and to the Pennsylvania Mine .
ANDREA R. MILEY Senior Vice President , Senior Risk Officer A. LEE MILLER Vice President , Cash Management Special Projects , CRA Officer EDWARD J. MILLER Vice President , Operation Services Manager , Security MOLLY M. MOHR Assistant Vice President , Banking Center Manager DANIEL L. MUSE Operations Officer TODD R. NICOLAS Vice President , Commercial Banker SHAWN E. OSWALD Vice President , Information Technology Director , OFAC Officer AMY R. PATTERSON Assistant Vice President , Mortgage Consumer Loan Services Manager Officer , Commercial Loan Documentation Supervisor LISA M. SCHONAUER Assistant Vice President , Banking Center Manager REBECCA J. SHULTZ Assistant Vice President , Loan Officer A. CLAY SINNETT Assistant Vice President , Commercial Banker BUD STEBBINS Senior Vice President , Senior Loan Officer EDDIE L. STEINER Chairman , President , Chief Executive Officer .
On September 1 , 2005 , Mr. Sam Talari , one of INFRAX SYSTEMS , INC . 's directors , agreed to make advances to INFRAX SYSTEMS , INC . as an interim unsecured loan for operational capital up to a maximum of $ 350,000 , evidenced by a non - interest bearing master promissory note , based on amounts advanced from time to time , payable annually .
Mr. Boos serves as Hatteras Financial Corp chief investment officer and also as chief investment officer of ACM .
On December 8 , 1988 , SECURITY NATIONAL FINANCIAL CORP entered into a deferred compensation plan with George R. Quist , the former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company .
In 1980 , he formed Cromling Drilling Company which managed and operated drilling rigs until 1987 .
The decrease in shareholders equity reflects Best Hometown Bancorp , Inc. net loss of $ 115 thousand for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 , offset mainly by a decrease of $ 37,000 , or 2.1 % , of accumulated other comprehensive loss related to available - for - sale securities and the defined benefit and postretirement medical plans .
In conjunction with the appointment of Mr. Stalowir , Mr. Freeman stepped down from his position as Interim Chief Executive Officer and accepted the position of Chief Operating Officer of REED 'S , INC , also effective June 28 , 2017 .
At the present time , West Texas Resources , Inc. have two employees , West Texas Resources , Inc. chief executive officer , William A. Sawyer , and West Texas Resources , Inc. chief financial officer , John D. Kerr .
With respect to CONSOLIDATED WATER CO LTD Cayman Islands operations , CONSOLIDATED WATER CO LTD operate CONSOLIDATED WATER CO LTD water plants in accordance with guidelines of the Cayman Islands Department of Environmental Health .
The change in fair value of the warrants is recorded in the statements of operations as a non - operating gain or loss by using a Monte Carlo option pricing model with the following assumptions : Upon the issuance in October 2013 of Immune Design Corp. Series C convertible preferred stock , Immune Design Corp. used the following assumptions to estimate fair value : equity value of the entity , different conversion prices for different scenarios , time to maturity of 1.7 to 2.0 years under the different exercise scenarios , volatility of 82 % and risk free interest rate of 0.3 % .
Revolving Credit Agreement , dated as of February 16 , 2017 , among Conagra Brands , Inc , Bank of America N.A , as administrative agent and a lender , JPMorgan Chase Bank , N.A. as syndication agent and a lender , and other financial institutions party thereto , incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Conagra Brands Current Report on Form 8 - K filed with the SEC on February 17 , 2017 .
At December 31 , 2015 , MB Bancorp Inc also held a $ 688,000 investment in the common stock of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta .
Further , effective for the first quarter of 2017 , revenues and profits from Valeant Pharmaceuticals International , Inc. 's operations in Canada , included in the Branded Rx segment in prior periods , are included in the Bausch + Lomb / International segmen
Earnings from Hatteras Financial Corp investments in MSR via Pingora , beginning in the third quarter of 2015 .
ACTIVECARE , INC . agreed to pay Bluestone Advisors , LLC $ 20,000 per month and 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock with a fair value of $ 360,000 as compensation to Mr. Peterson .
( 2 ) On October 1 , 2014 , AOK Property Investments LLC ( AOK ) , a third party lender , lent ACCELERA INNOVATIONS , INC . and its subsidiary , Advanced Life Management , LLC ( ALM ) , an aggregate of $ 500,000 .
The formula rate filing includes a requested increase of $ 22 million to PECO s annual transmission revenues and a requested rate of return on common equity of 11 % , inclusive of a 50 basis point adder for being a member of a regional transmission organization .
As of September 30 , 2017 , EQUIFAX INC operated in the following countries : Argentina , Australia , Canada , Chile , Costa Rica , Ecuador , El Salvador , Honduras , India , Ireland , Mexico , New Zealand , Paraguay , Peru , Portugal , Spain , the United Kingdom , or U.K , Uruguay , and the United States of America , or U.S. EQUIFAX INC also offer Equifax branded credit services in India and Russia through joint ventures , EQUIFAX INC have investments in consumer and/or commercial credit information companies through joint ventures in Cambodia , Malaysia and Singapore , and have an investment in a consumer and commercial credit information company in Brazil .
From 1993 to 2000 , Mr. Schopp was CFO , Director and ultimately CEO of T Netix .
In connection with the sale of the 2019 convertible senior notes , HORNBECK OFFSHORE SERVICES INC /LA entered into convertible senior note hedge transactions with respect to its common stock with affiliates of the initial purchasers of the notes , Barclays , Inc , JP Morgan Chase and Wells Fargo Bank , or the counterparties .
Through its banking subsidiary , TWO RIVER BANCORP provides banking services to small and medium - sized businesses , professionals and individual consumers primarily in the Monmouth , Middlesex and Union Counties , located in Central and Northern New Jersey .
For the legal matters disclosed below , including litigation , governmental and regulatory matters , as well as for the legal matters discussed in Note 20 , " Litigation and Regulatory Matters , " in HSBC Finance Corp 2016 Form 10 - K and in Note 12 , " Litigation and Regulatory Matters , " in HSBC Finance Corp 2017 First Quarter Form 10 - Q and 2017 Second Quarter Form 10 - Q as to which a loss in excess of accrued liability is reasonably possible in future periods and for which there is sufficient currently available information on the basis of which HSBC Finance Corp believe HSBC Finance Corp can make a reliable estimate , HSBC Finance Corp believe a reasonable estimate could be as much as $ 400 million for HSBC Finance Corporation .
Jose Cil , Executive Vice President and President , Burger King , of Restaurant Brands International Inc , the indirect parent company of BKC , and Alexandre Macedo , BKC 's President of North America , currently serve on CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . board of directors .
In August 2015 , CPI Card Group Inc. completed the shut down and closure of CPI Card Group Inc. operations at CPI Card Group Inc. Petersfield , United Kingdom facility .
On October 13 , 2015 , AGRITEK HOLDINGS , INC . issued 12,500,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Friedman for services .
Upon the closing of the share exchange with GTCL on February 19 , 2015 , Orbital Satcom entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Phipps , whereby Mr. Phipps agreed to serve as the President of Orbital Satcom for a period of two years , subject to renewal , in consideration for an annual salary of $ 180,000 .
EASTMAN KODAK CO s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange ( NYSE ) under the symbol KODK .
At December 31 , 2015 , LinnCo s issued capitalization consisted of approximately $ 3.9 billion in common shares representing limited liability company interests ( shares ) and $ 1,000 contributed by LINN Energy in connection with LinnCo s formation and in exchange for its voting share .
CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT ability to successfully acquire and integrate regulated water and wastewater systems , as well as unregulated businesses , that are complementary to CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT operations and the growth of CONNECTICUT WATER SERVICE INC / CT business ; .
s. Mr. Dittrich also served on DULUTH HOLDINGS INC . advisory board for fiscal 2014 .
According to data received from Smith Travel Research and compiled by us in order to compare MARCUS CORP fiscal year results , comparable upper upscale hotels throughout the United States experienced an increase in RevPAR of 6.1 % during MARCUS CORP fiscal 2014 .
By : / s / Artis Jansons Artis Jansons Principal Executive Officer , Principal Financial Officer , Principal Accounting Officer Sole Director 19 . 302 Certification 302 CERTIFICATION I , Artis Jansons , certify that : 1 .
At Granite Falls Energy , LLC Granite Falls plant , Granite Falls Energy , LLC pay Center Point Energy / Minnegasco a per unit fee to move the natural gas through the pipeline , and Granite Falls Energy , LLC have guaranteed to move a minimum of 1,500,000 mmBTU annually through December 31 , 2025 , which is the ending date of the agreement .
The accompanying financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of Findex.com , Inc. included in FINDEX COM INC s Form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 17 , 2017 .
In a further effort to streamline Destination Maternity Corp s operations and its reporting structure , the separate President function was eliminated and Mr. Romano assumed the additional title of President effective December 7 , 2015 .
Section 906 Certification of Mark E. Ellis , Chairman , President and Chief Executive Officer of LinnCo , LLC 32.2 * * .
Mr. Batinovich also serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Glenborough , a privately held full service real estate investment and management company focused on the acquisition , management and leasing of institutional quality commercial properties including retail , office and industrial properties .
Marilyn Wilson , P.E. President and Chief Operating Officer .
Mr. Connors also serves as a trustee of St. Joseph s Preparatory School in Philadelphia and as Chairman of the Philadelp hia Chapter of the National Association of Corporate Directors .
The majority of the properties in Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. portfolio are located in Virginia , which expose us to greater economic risks than if Armada Hoffler Properties , Inc. owned a more geographically diverse portfolio .
As of November 30 , 2015 , Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory , Inc. held a 39 % interest in U - Swirl .
Business FC Global Realty Inc Company in FC Global Realty Inc s form 10 - K for the year ended December 31 , 2016 for more information .
UNIT CORP drilling operations are located in Oklahoma , Texas , Louisiana , Kansas , Wyoming , and North Dakota .
Principles of Consolidation The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Bullfrog Gold Corp. and its wholly owned subsidiaries , Standard Gold Corp. ( Standard Gold ) a Nevada corporation and Rocky Mountain Minerals Corp.
The increase in revenue over the prior is primarily attributable to the following ; i ) an increase of the deferred subsidy revenue from Sanofi of $ 400,000 recognized during the current period to support Icagen , Inc. operations and maintain the facility and employees and ii ) increased revenue from Icagen , Inc. North Carolina site as Icagen , Inc. expand Icagen , Inc. operations and gain work from new customers .
In 2016 , IHG acquired 95 % interest in BlackStar Enterprise Group Inc.
Carey Credit Income Fund - I believe that it is in the best interests of Carey Credit Income Fund - I shareholders for Mr. DeCesaris to serve as Chairman of Carey Credit Income Fund - I Board of Trustees because of his experience in matters of relevance to Carey Credit Income Fund - I business .
Mr. Silber is the Chairman of Street Capital , Heritage Global Inc. former majority shareholder , which he founded in 1979 .
Clean Energy RFP : On March 31 , 2017 , pursuant to comprehensive energy legislation , " An Act to Promote Energy Diversity , " which became law in 2016 , the Massachusetts EDCs , including NSTAR Electric and WMECO , and the DOER issued a joint RFP for 9.45 terawatt hours of clean energy per year , such as hydropower , land - based wind or solar .
As of March 31 , 2017 , PLAINS GP HOLDINGS LP outstanding foreign currency derivatives include derivatives PLAINS GP HOLDINGS LP use to hedge currency exchange risk ( i ) associated with USD - denominated commodity purchases and sales in Canada and ( ii ) created by the use of USD - denominated commodity derivatives to hedge commodity price risk associated with CAD - denominated commodity purchases and sales .
On August 28 , 2014 , Lakeside Medical Group , Inc. and Regal Medical Group , Inc , filed a similar lawsuit against Warren Hosseinion M.D , Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. s Chief Executive Officer .
Linex Technologies , or Linex , filed on March 19 , 2013 a complaint in the U.S. District Court , Southern District of Florida , asserting that some or all of AEROHIVE NETWORKS , INC s products infringe U.S. Patents Nos . # 6,493,377 , or the 377 Patent , and # 7,167,503 , or the 503 Patent .
In addition , with respect to Blackstone Group L.P. 1940 Act registered funds , each investment fund s investment management agreement must be approved annually by the independent members of such investment fund s board of directors and , in certain cases , by its stockholders , as required by law .
International sales of Orbital Tracking Corp. products may also be subject to U.S. and foreign laws , regulations and policies like the United States Department of State restrictions on the transfer of technology , International Traffic in Arms Regulation ( ITAR ) and other export laws and regulations and may be subject to first obtaining licenses , clearances or authorizations from various regulatory entities .
On June 22 , 2016 , Discovery Energy Corp. terminated the February 2016 License suspension in preparation for a 3D seismic survey ( the Survey ) that was comprised of approximately 179 square kilometers on the southwest portion of the Prospect .
In the U.K. and Germany , CSP INC /MA/ provides defined benefit pension plans for certain employees and former employees and defined contribution plans for the majority of the employees .
CoBank purchased a participation interest in the AgStar loans and was appointed the administrative agent for the purpose of servicing the loans .
The owner of W.F. Construction , Inc. is the husband of Mrs. Jennifer Finch , Vice President and Assistant Treasurer of Artesian Resources .
Pursuant to the Eco Agreement , Eco - Energy agrees to purchase the entire ethanol output of GFE 's ethanol plant and to arrange for the transportation of ethanol ; however , GFE is responsible for securing all of the rail cars necessary for the transport of ethanol by rail except for 43 rail cars leased to GFE by Eco - Energy under the Eco Agreement .
For the six months ended June 30 , 2017 , GROUP 1 AUTOMOTIVE INC Same Store operating results were impacted by the following non - core items ( on a pre - tax basis ): $ 1.8 million gain associated with a legal settlement with an OEM , $ 0.6 million in losses related to catastrophic events and $ 0.3 million in acquisition costs .
Since its approval by the FDA , taliglucerase alfa has been marketed mainly in the United States by Pfizer , as provided in the exclusive license and supply agreement by and between Protalix Ltd , Protalix BioTherapeutics , Inc. wholly - owned subsidiary , and Pfizer , which Protalix BioTherapeutics , Inc. refer to as the Pfizer Agreement .
Print Systems revenues declined $ 151 million in 2015 with approximately $ 107 million of the decline attributable to the adverse impact of foreign currency .
The table below presents CPI Card Group Inc. results of operations for the years ended December 31 , 2014 and 2013 : .
From 2007 to October 2010 , Mr. McNeilly was BHP Billiton s Gulf of Mexico Operations Manager .
Critical Accounting Estimates MOSAIC CO prepare MOSAIC CO Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America which requires us to make various judgments , estimates and assumptions that could have a significant impact on MOSAIC CO reported results and disclosures .
The financial position and the results of operations of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC foreign subsidiaries , with the exception of VASCO DATA SECURITY INTERNATIONAL INC subsidiaries in Switzerland , Singapore and Canada , are measured using the local currency as the functional currency .
Mr. Quist has previously served as President of the Utah Life Convention , a consortium of Utah domestic life insurers as well .
On October 13 , 2016 , Tianci International , Inc. entered into a spin - off agreement ( the Spin - Off Agreement ) with Steampunk Wizards Ltd , Tianci International , Inc. s wholly owned subsidiary and a company incorporated pursuant to the laws of Malta ( Steampunk ) , and Praefidi Holdings Limited ( the Buyer ) , an entity organized under the laws of Malta and owned by Brendon Grunewald , former director of the Company .
Exelon 's , PHI 's and Pepco 's long - term marginal state income tax rate were revised in the first quarter of 2017 as a result of a statutory rate change in Washington , D.C.
Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of March 3 , 2014 between Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company and Union Capital , LLC ( incorporated by reference to Lithium Exploration Group , Inc.
Sanctioned Person : at any time , ( a ) any Person listed on any Sanctions - related list of designated Persons maintained by OFAC or the U.S. Department of State and the United Nations Security Council , the European Union , any European Union member state , Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority in a jurisdiction in which the Obligors conduct business , ( b ) any Person operating , organized or resident in a Sanctioned Entity or ( c ) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses ( a ) or ( b ) .
EMCOR GROUP INC United States mechanical construction and facilities services segment revenues for the three months ended March 31 , 2017 were $ 671.1 million , a $ 62.7 million increase compared to revenues of $ 608.4 million for the three months ended March 31 , 2016 .
HILLS BANCORPORATION is required to file a separate Iowa tax return and can not be consolidated with the Bank .
In 2014 , Cytosorbents Corp announced distribution of CytoSorb in the Middle East , including Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , Kuwait , Qatar , Bahrain , and Oman ( the Gulf Cooperative Council ( GCC ) ) and Yemen , Iraq , and Jordan through an exclusive agreement with Techno Orbits , Cytosorbents Corp entered into an exclusive agreement with Smart Medical Solutions S.R.L , to distribute CytoSorb for critical care applications in Romania and the neighboring Republic of Moldova .
Notable items of WASTE MANAGEMENT INC 2015 financial results include : .
NetSol Technologies , Inc , and its subsidiary , NTA , use the U.S. dollar as the functional currency .
In conjunction with the acquisition of Sierra , on August 21 , 2017 , Clarus Corp together with its direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries entered into a third amended and restated loan agreement ( the Third Amended and Restated Loan Agreement ) with ZB , N.A. dba Zions First National Bank ( the Lender ) , which matures on August 21 , 2022 .
Blueprint Medicines Corp are highly dependent on the research and development , clinical , business development , financial and legal expertise of Jeffrey W. Albers , Blueprint Medicines Corp President and Chief Executive Officer , Anthony L. Boral , Blueprint Medicines Corp Chief Medical Officer .
In addition , to the extent restrictions imposed in countries where MOSAIC CO competitors operate , such as China , India , Former Soviet Union countries or Morocco , are less stringent than in the countries where MOSAIC CO operate , MOSAIC CO competitors could gain cost or other competitive advantages over us .
Term Definition The Universal Service Fund is a statewide program which provides qualified low - income customers in Ohio with income - based bills and energy efficiency education programs U. S. Strategic Business Unit , AES reporting unit covering the businesses in the United States , including DPL .
Date : November 22 , 2017 By : /s/ John A. Conklin John A. Conklin President , Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer and Director .
Mr. Sillerman will serve as the Chairman of DDGG .
Subsequent to March 31 , 2017 , Abtech Holdings , Inc. received additional short - term funding of $ 464,000 from an investor considered to be a related party because it has a beneficial ownership interest in Abtech Holdings , Inc. of greater than 5 % , bringing the total due to investors for these short term loans in 2017 and 2016 to $ 5,127,000 .
Following a share exchange eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp completed in April 2014 , pursuant to which eWellness Corporation , a Nevada corporation became eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp wholly owned subsidiary , eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp abandoned eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp prior business plan and eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp are now pursuing eWellness Corporation s historical businesses and proposed businesses .
Jean - Paul Chavanaz is the President , CFO , Secretary , Treasurer and Member of the Board of Directors for
In June 2015 , CB - USA purchased 20 % of Copperhead Distillery Company ( Copperhead ) for $ 500,000 .
Following the Reorganization , Forterra , Inc. became a wholly owned subsidiary of Forterra US Holdings , LLC , which is indirectly wholly owned by an affiliate of Lone Star Fund IX ( U.S. ) , L.P , or Lone Star .
The Torbarrie Loan In connection with the redevelopment of one of Strategic Storage Growth Trust , Inc. properties in Toronto , Canada ( the Torbarrie Property ) , on November 3 , 2016 , Strategic Storage Growth Trust , Inc , through a subsidiary of Strategic Storage Growth Trust , Inc.
The effective tax rates differ from the U.S. statutory tax rate during these periods primarily due to a portion of STANLEY BLACK & DECKER , INC . s earnings being realized in lower - taxed foreign jurisdictions , the utilization of U.S. tax attributes during the first quarter of 2017 due to the divestiture of the mechanical security businesses and the favorable settlement of certain income tax audits during the second quarter of 2017 .
Devon s operations are concentrated in various North American onshore areas in the U.S. and Canada .
Nevada Power was incorporated in 1929 under the laws of the state of Nevada .
Utility - includes the operations of IPL and WPL , which primarily serve retail customers in Iowa and Wisconsin .
In addition , a combined return including Alliant Energy and all of its subsidiaries is filed in Wisconsin .
Advertising expense includes all marketing and promotional expenses including advertising payments to BKC based on a percentage of sales as required under CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . franchise agreements .
For the first quarter of fiscal year 2017 , Limoneira CO other agribusiness segment revenue was $ 0.8 million compared to $ 1.7 million for the first quarter of fiscal year 2016 .
HUMANA INC 2017 results through September 30 , 2017 reflect the continued implementation of HUMANA INC strategy to offer HUMANA INC members affordable health care combined with a positive consumer experience in growing markets .
Michael A. Bonarti joined ADP in 1997 .
AMERICAN VANGUARD CORP has effectively settled its examination with the Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) for the tax years ended December 31 , 2013 and 2014 .
In February 2016 , JELD - WEN Holding , Inc. acquired Trend , headquartered in Sydney , Australia .
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Planet Fitness , Inc. nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Messrs. Esserman , LeComte and Wong , with Mr. Esserman serving as chairman of the committee .
The pharmaceutical segment consists of Opko Health , Inc. pharmaceutical operations Opko Health , Inc. acquired in Chile , Mexico , Ireland , Israel and Spain and Opko Health , Inc. pharmaceutical research and development .
On July 16 , 2014 , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp acquired the remaining 50 % interest in IMTT and IMTT became part of Macquarie Infrastructure Corp s consolidated federal return group .
I , David L. Humphrey , President and Chief Executive Officer of ADDVANTAGE TECHNOLOGIES GROUP INC , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
U.S. Value team , which was formed in 1997 and is based in Atlanta , Georgia , manages two investment strategies :
The transfer agent and registrar for ALKALINE WATER Co INC common stock is Island Stock Transfer , located at 15500 Roosevelt Boulevard , Suite 301 , Clearwater , Florida 33760 .
Exhibit 32.2 In connection with this Quarterly Report of IES Holdings , Inc. ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ending June 30 , 2017 ( the Report ) , I , Tracy A. McLauchlin , Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of IES Holdings , Inc , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
ELECTRONIC ARTS INC . subsidiaries file tax returns in various foreign jurisdictions , including Canada , France , Germany , Switzerland and the United Kingdom .
On May 20 , 2015 , eWELLNESS HEALTHCARE Corp entered into an agreement with Mavericks Capital Securities LLC ( Mavericks ) .
Antero Midstream Partners LP combined consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) .
Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of February 28 , 2014 between Lithium Exploration Group , Inc. company and Vista Capital Investments , LLC ( incorporated by reference to Lithium Exploration Group , Inc.
ANADARKO PETROLEUM CORP s U.S. operations accounted for 89 % of sales volumes and 80 % of sales revenues during 2016 and 90 % of proved reserves at year - end 2016 .
On August 22 , 2013 , Intelligent Highway Solutions , Inc. entered into the Distribution Agreement with SCS , whereby SCS appointed Intelligent Highway Solutions , Inc. as its exclusive distributer of SCS products in Sacramento , California and other locations , as determined by both parties in the future .
Mr. Lembo previously served as Senior Vice President , Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Eversource Energy , CL P , NSTAR Electric , PSNH and WMECO from May 4 , 2016 until August 8 , 2016 , and of NSTAR Gas , Yankee Gas and Eversource Service from May 9 , 2016 until August 8 , 2016 .
The difference in FBR & Co. 2015 capital markets results compared to 2014 was primarily due to a $ 44.2 million decrease in investment banking revenue year over year .
In December 2014 , the Board granted 350,000 stock options to Mr. Gray in connection with his commencement of service as SYNIVERSE HOLDINGS INC Interim Chief Executive Officer .
The undersigned , being a director of Standex International Corporation ( Standex ) , hereby constitutes David A. Dunbar and Alan J. Glass , and each of them singly , my true and lawful attorney with full power to them , and each of them singly , to sign for me and in my name in my capacity as a director of Standex , the Annual Report of Standex on Form 10 - K for the fiscal year ended June 30 , 2017 , and any and all amendments thereto and generally to do such things in my name and behalf to enable Standex to comply with the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission relating to Form 10 - K. Witness my signature as of the 17th day of August , 2017 .
Mr. Berman is a medical device entrepreneur who works with high - potential development and early - stage commercial companies .
The officers and directors of Redwood Valley , James Cassidy and James McKillop , entered into a Share Purchase Agreement ( the SPA ) pursuant to which they entered into an agreement to sell an aggregate of 19,500,000 shares of their shares of CannaMED Enterprises , Inc. s common stock to Mikhail Artamonov , at an aggregate purchase price of $ 75,000 .
In connection with the Quarterly Report of Scientific Games Corporation ( the Company ) on Form 10 - Q for the period ended September 30 , 2017 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof ( the Report ) , I , Michael A. Quartieri , Chief Financial Officer of SCIENTIFIC GAMES CORP , certify , pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 , that : .
From 1997 to 1998 , Mr. Johnson served as Manager of Mortgage Lending of Barnes Banking .
The continuation of historically low interest rates in the United States will limit AIRXPANDERS INC earnings on investments held in U.S. dollars .
Due to the number of restaurants and franchisees in the Burger King system and CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . historical success in acquiring and integrating restaurants , CARROLS RESTAURANT GROUP , INC . believe that there is considerable opportunity for future growth .
Prior to joining MBIA , Mr. Chaplin was Senior Vice President and Treasurer of Prudential Financial Inc , a firm he joined in 1983 and for which he held various senior management positions , including Regional Vice President of Prudential Mortgage Capital Company .
These expenses will consist primarily of professional fees relating to the preparation of Madison s financial statements and completing and filing its annual report , quarterly report , and current report filings with the SEC and with SEDAR in Canada .
Prior to entering the biotechnology industry , Ms. Matsui worked for Wells Fargo Bank in general management , marketing and human resources .
Mr. Schumacher has been the Executive Vice President of Operations of the general partner of Atlas Growth Partners , L.P. since its inception in 2013 .
The Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31 , 2016 reflect an $ 86.1 million benefit from a reduction in TiVo Corp deferred tax asset valuation allowance in connection with the TiVo Acquisition , which was partially offset by including TiVo Solutions ' results for the period subsequent to the TiVo Acquisition Date , $ 40.0 million of Transaction , transition and integration costs associated with the TiVo Acquisition and $ 27.3 million in Restructuring and asset impairment charges .
In 2012 , Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. formed an ACO , ApolloMed ACO , and an IPA , MMG , and in 2013 Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. expanded Apollo Medical Holdings , Inc. service offering to include integrated inpatient and outpatient services through MMG .
the extent to which federal spending cuts reduce the U.S. military presence in Hawaii or flight activity at airports at which Atlantic Aviation operates .
In presenting Oroplata 's financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepting accounting principles , or GAAP , Oroplata is required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets , liabilities , revenue , costs and expenses and related disclosures .
Allied s standard payment terms are net 30 days from the date of shipment , and payment is specifically not subject to customer inspection or acceptance , as stated in Allied s Terms and Conditions of Sale .
NUVASIVE INC maintain state - of - the - art cadaver operating rooms and training facilities to help educate surgeons regarding NUVASIVE INC products at NUVASIVE INC corporate headquarters in San Diego , California .
One of LSB INDUSTRIES INC business operations purchases industrial machinery and related components from vendors outside of the United States .
In June 2013 , Gas Natural Inc. and Gas Natural Inc. wholly - owned Ohio subsidiary , GNR , finalized Gas Natural Inc. purchase of substantially all the assets and certain liabilities of JDOG Marketing .
During 2014 FBR & Co. completed 41 client engagements including six sole - managed equity private placements that generated $ 80.4 million of FBR & Co. capital raising revenue in the period .
On December 21 , 2015 , Wonhe High - Tech International , Inc. s 60 % owned subsidiary , Australia Wonhe was listed on the ASX and sold 16,951,802 of its ordinary shares for net proceeds of $ 1,941,318 , leaving Wonhe High - Tech International , Inc. with a 53.3 % beneficial interest in Australian Wonhe and its subsidiaries .
Nataliia Kriukova _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Nataliia Kriukova , President , Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer .
CND : REVLON CONSUMER PRODUCTS CORP sells nail enhancement systems and nail color and treatment products and services for use by the professional nail salon industry under the CND brand name .
In addition , in connection with the financing transactions undertaken in connection with the completion of CUMULUS MEDIA INC acquisition of Citadel Broadcasting Company on September 16 , 2011 , CUMULUS MEDIA INC entered into a Stockholders Agreement ( the Stockholders Agreement ) with , among others , Lewis W. Dickey , Jr. a member of the Board and certain members of his family ( the " Dickeys " ) and Crestview .
Any and all disputes , controversies or issues arising out of , concerning or relating to this Award , this Award Agreement or the relationship between the parties evidenced by the Award Agreement , including , without limitation , disputes , controversies or issues arising out of , concerning or relating to the construction , interpretation , breach or enforcement of this Award Agreement , shall be brought exclusively in the courts in the State of New York , City and County of New York , including the Federal Courts located therein ( should Federal jurisdiction exist ) .
MARCUS CORP opened two new Take Five Lounge outlets during the Transition Period , increasing MARCUS CORP number of theatres with this concept or MARCUS CORP .
On September 26 , 2016 , NXChain Inc. purchased certain assets of LXCCoin Ltd. ( LXCC ) pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of September 26 , 2016 ( the Purchase Agreement ) with LXCC .
NexPoint Capital , Inc. is headquartered in Nashville , TN .
( 2 ) Lim Chun Hoo , Ho Wah Genting Group Ltd Chief Executive Officer , Chief Financial Officer , Chief Operating Officer and director , is also a director of Ho Wah Genting Holiday Sdn Bhd , Ho Wah Genting Shenzhen Limited and Beedo SDN BHD .
These exemptions and contractual rights could allow Mr. du Pont to exercise a substantial degree of control over DFT 's affairs even if he is no longer an executive officer .
General PECO operates in a single business segment and its operations consist of the purchase and regulated retail sale of electricity and the provision of distribution and transmission services in southeastern Pennsylvania including the City of Philadelphia , and the purchase and regulated retail sale of natural gas and the provision of distribution service in Pennsylvania in the counties surrounding the City of Philadelphia .
MatNav also operates a premium , expedited service from China to Long Beach , California , and provides services to Okinawa , Japan and various islands in the South Pacific .
Accordingly , the 2015 Grace named executive officers are also the " named executive officers " of GCP Applied Technologies Inc. included in the Summary Compensation Table set forth under " Executive Compensation Compensation Tables " in respect of 2015 .
Antero Midstream Partners LP operations are located in the United States and are organized into two reporting segments : ( 1 ) gathering and compression and ( 2 ) water handling and treatment .
Under the new arrangement , Monsanto is required to maintain an investment in the Brazil VIE of at least 11.1 percent and could be required to provide additional contributions to the Brazil VIE .
Union Bridge Holdings Limited ( the " Company " ) was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on May 6 , 2014 under the name Costo Inc.
L. John Doerr has served as a member of GOOGLE INC . Board of Directors since May 1999 .
Sabra Health Care REIT , Inc. operate through an umbrella partnership , commonly referred to as an UPREIT structure , in which substantially all of Sabra Health Care REIT , Inc. properties and assets are held by Sabra Health Care Limited Partnership , a Delaware limited partnership ( the Operating Partnership ) , in which Sabra Health Care REIT , Inc. are the sole general partner and Sabra Health Care REIT , Inc. wholly owned subsidiaries are currently the only limited partners , or by subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership .
Dr. van den Boom has co - authored more than 95 articles published in peer - reviewed journals and is inventor on more than 80 patents and patent applications .
On May 29 , 2015 , BRANDYWINE REALTY TRUST and an unaffiliated third party , JBG / DC Manager , LLC ( " JBG " ) , formed 51 N 50 Patterson , Holdings , LLC Venture ( " 51 N Street " ) and 1250 First Street Office , LLC Venture ( " 1250 First Street " ) ( collectively the JBG Ventures ) .
Market Information Shares of Heritage Global Inc. common stock , $ 0.01 par value per share , are quoted under the symbol HGBL in the OTC market ( OTCQB ) , and under the symbol HGP on the Canadian Securities Exchange ( CSE ) .
As of September 30 , 2017 and December 31 , 2016 , Calumet Specialty Products Partners , L.P. had an investment of $ 9.5 million and $ 9.6 million , respectively , in PACNIL , primarily related to the purchase of equity in the Hi - Speed joint venture .
Description of Business and Basis of Presentation Nature of Business Nant Health , LLC was formed on July 7 , 2010 , as a Delaware limited liability company .
On April 29 , 2011 , Longmen Joint Venture entered into a Unified Management Agreement with Shaanxi Steel and Shaanxi Coal under which Longmen Joint Venture used new iron and steel making facilities including one sintering machine , two converters , two blast furnaces and other auxiliary systems constructed by Shaanxi Steel .
Exhibit 32.1 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10 - Q for the period ended March 31 , 2017 ( the Form 10 - Q ) of Parkway Acquisition Corp. ( the Company ) , Parkway Acquisition Corp , J. Allan Funk , Chief Executive Officer of Parkway Acquisition Corp , and Blake M. Edwards , Chief Financial Officer of Parkway Acquisition Corp , hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 , as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , that , to Parkway Acquisition Corp. knowledge : .
Termination of Sales Commitment - Ammonium nitrate supply agreement Pursuant to a long - term cost - plus supply agreement , EDC agreed to supply Orica International Pte Ltd ( Orica ) with an annual minimum of 240,000 tons of industrial grade ammonium nitrate ( AN ) produced at LSB INDUSTRIES INC
AEP Transmission Company , LLC , a subsidiary of AEP Transmission Holdco , is an intermediate holding company that owns seven wholly - owned transmission companies .
JPE LLC , a Delaware limited liability company , was formed in April 2013 by an affiliate of Quantum Energy Partners ( Quantum ) and key members of Jagged Peak Energy Inc. management team .
A weaker British pound compared to the U.S. dollar during a reporting period causes local currency results of Hudson Global , Inc. 's U.K. operations to be translated into fewer U.S. dollars .
During the litigation process , MESABI TRUST asserted additional claims of material breach as a results of Algoma s actions during 2015 .
Before becoming the Dean of Harvard Business School , Mr. Light was Senior Associate Dean , Chairman of the Finance Area , and a professor teaching Investment Management , Capital Markets , and Entrepreneurial Finance for 30 years .
In December 2005 Ms. Morris was promoted to Vice President Global Human Resources Operations and subsequently to Senior Vice President Human Resources in March 2007 .
Mr. Call has served as Executive Vice President , Finance and Legal , and Corporate Secretary since 2014 .
During the year ended December 31 , 2014 , Endurance International Group Holdings , Inc. paid $ 4.2 million to increase its investment in JDI Backup Ltd. and entered into an amendment to the put option with the NCI shareholders .
If LINN Energy or any of its affiliates owns 80 % or more of LinnCo , LLC outstanding shares , LINN Energy has the right , which it may assign to any of its affiliates , to purchase all of LinnCo , LLC remaining outstanding shares at a purchase price not less than the greater of the then - current market price of LinnCo , LLC shares and the highest price paid for LinnCo , LLC shares by LINN Energy or one of its affiliates during the prior 90 days .
Zvi Glasman Zvi Glasman Chief Financial Officer ( Principal Accounting and Financial Officer ) .
He was also a post - doctoral fellow at Harvard University in the laboratory of Dr. Gary Gilliland , M.D , Ph.D. Seth A. Tasker , J.D. has served as INFINITY PHARMACEUTICALS , INC . Vice President , General Counsel and Secretary since July 2016 , INFINITY PHARMACEUTICALS , INC .
In January 2015 , BIODELIVERY SCIENCES INTERNATIONAL INC entered into an assignment and revenue sharing agreement ( the ARS Agreement ) with Meda pursuant to which Meda transferred the marketing authorizations for ONSOLIS in the United States back to the Company .
DubLi Network subsidiary relies on Ominto , Inc. Business Associates independent networks to generate members for Ominto , Inc. DubLi.com site , and Ominto , Inc. pay a commission to Ominto , Inc. Business Associates based on shoppers purchases , as well as commissions to the shoppers in the form of Cash Back rewards .
Although ENTEGRIS INC implement policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws , there can be no assurance that all of ENTEGRIS INC employees , contractors and agents , as well as those companies to which ENTEGRIS INC outsource certain of ENTEGRIS INC business operations , including those based in countries where practices that violate such U.S. laws may be customary or common , will not take actions in violation of ENTEGRIS INC policies .
CPI Card Group Inc. management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on CPI Card Group Inc. consolidated financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America .
In February 2015 , Sempra Natural Gas , IEnova , and a subsidiary of PEMEX entered into a Memorandum of Understanding ( MOU ) to collaborate in the development of a potential natural gas liquefaction project at IEnova s existing regasification terminal at Energ a Costa Azul ( page 68 ) .
Between January 3 , 2017 and February 28 , 2017 , the ESOP purchased 682,500 shares of SOTHERLY HOTELS LP s common stock for approximately $ 4.9 million .
WPL s Noncontrolling Interest - Prior to 2014 , WPL owned 100 % of WPL Transco , which holds Alliant Energy s investment in ATC .
Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. could experience fluctuations in Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. quarterly operating results due to a number of factors , including Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. ability or inability to make investments in companies that meet Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. investment criteria , the interest rate payable on the debt securities Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. acquire , the level of Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. expenses ( including Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp. borrowing costs ) , variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses , the degree to which Griffin - Benefit Street Partners BDC Corp.
AxoGen , Inc. products are also subject to regulation by the FDA in the U.S.
Dale H. Sizemore , Jr , CEO and President of TOROTEL PRODUCTS , INC . Heath Hancock , CFO and Assistant Secretary of TOROTEL PRODUCTS , INC . ttlo-20171031ex10391dc36.htm . ttlo_Ex_103 .
As discussed in Note 8 , Long - Term Debt , Macquarie Infrastructure Corp increased the aggregate commitments under its revolving credit facility from $ 250.0 million to $ 410.0 million with all terms remaining the same during the year ended December 31 , 2015 .
HAEMONETICS CORP qualification for the tax grant is dependent on the continuation of HAEMONETICS CORP manufacturing activities in Puerto Rico .
Each of Mr. Long , Mr. Orr and Mr. Martinho have entered into an Indemnification Agreement dated October 9 , 2017 , with My Cloudz , Inc , pursuant to which My Cloudz , Inc. agreed to indemnify Mr. Long , Mr. Orr and Mr. Martinho for claims against each of them that may arise in connection with the performance of their respective duties as an officer or director for My Cloudz , Inc. No family relationships exist between Darren Long My Cloudz , Inc. Chief Executive Officer , Secretary , and Chairman of the Board of Directors and any person who is an affiliate of My Cloudz , Inc.
Atlas ' ordinary voting common shares were previously listed on the TSX Venture Exchange ( TSXV ) under the symbol AFH from January 6 , 2011 to June 4 , 2013 , when Atlas ' application for the voluntary delisting of its ordinary voting common shares from the TSXV was approved .
The discussion and analysis of GREIF INC financial condition and results of operations are based upon GREIF INC consolidated financial statements , which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ( GAAP ) .
In 2013 , LinnCo , LLC assumed certain derivative contracts that Berry had entered into prior to the acquisition date , including swap contracts , collars and three - way collars .
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 , as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 , I , Steven L. Lindsey , President and Chief Executive Officer of Laclede Gas Company , hereby certify that : .
Mr. Jacobs serves as the chairman of the audit committee .
As previously announced , Mr. Hancock will continue to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer and as a director until his successor as Chief Executive Officer has been appointed or , if earlier , December 31 , 2017 .
From 2003 to 2016 , Mr. Ashe served in various leadership positions at Dyax Corp , most recently serving as Executive Vice President , Administration , Corporate Secretary and General Counsel .
The most significant items contributing to the difference between the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate of 35 % and CUBIC CORP /DE/ s effective tax rate for the three - month and nine - month periods ending June 30 , 2017 were the impact of recording the U.S. provision utilizing a discrete vs. annualized effective tax rate method partially offset by the tax benefit related to the reversal of certain tax contingencies due to the lapse of the statute of limitations .
PPL has executed hedges to mitigate the foreign exchange risk to PPL ELECTRIC UTILITIES CORP 's U.K. earnings .
IMMUNOMEDICS INC only significant sources of revenue in recent years have been derived from IMMUNOMEDICS INC existing licensing agreement with UCB and the collaboration agreement with Bayer .
Mr. O Dell spent 22 years at Fifth Third Bank , and was a senior executive with Fifth Third s Central Ohio operations for 12 of those years , concluding his tenure serving as President and Chief Executive Officer .
CYBEROPTICS CORP recognized CYBEROPTICS CORP first revenue from the sale of the MX600 system in the third quarter of 2015 , and CYBEROPTICS CORP had a backlog of MX600 orders at December 31 , 2015 totaling approximately $ 3.4 million from one of the world s top four memory manufacturers .
Richard Peters , M.D , Ph.D. Richard Peters , M.D , Ph.D. President and Chief Executive Officer . ( Principal Financial Officer ) .
